Staff accommodating; quick check-in service.
Views like you have never seen!
Really helpful staff helped us sort out any transport or tours we wanted to do, really attentive couldn't do enough for us!
Host was especially helpful and considerate
but the promised email to confirm this has not arrived .
the room overlooked comfort, nice simple breakfast
It would be good if owner can install ceiling fan in the villa, because it's warm during daytime even with the air-con on.
Location was fab so close to everythinh
If all hotels adopted their staff demeanor travel would be a lot more pleasant as such.
Staff were very friendly and helpful whenever we have questions regarding Sapporo or the hostel.
Would love to come back and stay again!
bed was comfy, room was clean, easy to park nice view of city from room
Very good cafetiere and cake.
Clean ,functional , easy parking , pretty easy to get to except for the forced U turn part way .
Location was good, room was rather large.
Very near by to bayside market n port of Miami.
First of all there was communication gap between hotel n booking.com Found booking.com helpful wi
Fresh fish and delicious seafood.
Staff are superb, very helpful and always smiling.
lush gardens and tall palm trees.
Comfy rooms - bed etc with everything you need Delicious, varied breakfast Location a bit out of the way but 10 mins walk from one BTS station and a free shuttle ride is available to another.
Tranquil atmosphere - courtyard and beautiful pool area.
Would definitely recommend Suki to anyone looking for a great place to stay in Hanoi.
The owner and his wife were very gentle and helpful.
Location gives a good African with nice pool and bar.
The decor of the rooms was lovely.
Very near the mall Friendly staff Breakfast was proportional to its price +1 for the bidet
The King size bed was very comfy; the fireplace was nice, as was the view.
Staff on reception warm and friendly enjoyed our stay thank you
Nice access to Baiyoke Tower
Print the map they send you will need it.
Had a fantastic walk around the grounds with my dog and spotted two lovely deer.
Chalet was cramped but included a great terrace
I couldn't recommend a better place!
I loved all the doormen greeting me and my friends with smiles and remembering me saying welcome back each time we came back to the hotel.
Certainly will come back some day.
Very clean & fresh.
Overly sugary and poor tasting.
Hot, made to order breakfast was a plus
The breakfast available is very good, with healthy options.
Very good breakfast and helpful owner.
Room was spotless and a decent size for a family of 4.
Very helpful receptionists and staff.
The suites are very close to amenities particularly the pool.
They really stepped up.
We will definitely be staying here again when we return to Barcelona!
Beautiful, clean, spacious villa with excellent outside space and small pool to cool down.
The staff [owner], was very welcoming and extremely helpful on every level.
I was concerned after reading some of the reviews that it would be a dump but it wasn't.
Friendly personel, their own services like tuktuk - cheaper than others Free airport transfer and ride to citycentre
The breakfast was good and generous.
The 4 bed girls dorm had a separate locker room which was great if someone was up early.
Thank u for making our stay memorable one at the awesome salzburg .. promise we will be back again
A bit of a walk back from town with a big hill.
This place is a wonderland to me!
Very close to a beach.Nice walking track.
Excellent boat trip around the Farne Islands and we were lucky enough to see dolphins.
Water park, pool and park are great!
Our go to place.
The hotel should improve on the security check at the elevator to prevent unauthorized person from getting access.
Never mind though, still a comfortable stay and I will happily recommend it
Definitely back.
The weather was very bad and it was really cold during the night so during our diner at the restaurant Isabelle put an electronic blanket in the bed, very confortable.
Staff were so friendly, beds comfy and hostel in good location!
Breakfast was above average and the service very good-and not intrusive-which I hate.
Toilet were very spacey and with amazing lighting.
The staff were attentive, welcoming and friendly without being overbearing.
Room view of the pyramids, comfort of the room, expansive grounds, extremely helpful and honest owner of the gift shop - so happy to do business with him.
Breakfast is varied and lots of choice.
Staff lovely and very helpful.cleanliness tops, couldn't fault.
OK for night or two.
On arrival we were given complimentary cookies and also the was 2 complimentary bottles of water in our room which was nice.
The location is convenient being a middle way between the marina and the train station.
Room was delighrful.
Staff were efficient and friendly during check-in and check-out.
Easy access to shopping mall, room decoration are good.
She treats her guests like her nephews and it may seems weird if you like more formal approach, but in the end it makes you feel like you are at home.
overall it is a good place for anyone take a next flight in tsn airport.
Nice quiet location, walking distance to restaurants.
Staff were happy and engaging
Sophia was so helpful and friendly even making some vegetarian noodles for us when the local noodle shop didn't have any.
Mine was quite modest, but big and authentic, really great for its price, then I'm more than satisfied.
Our train was late by about an hour, and we called to notify them and our driver was waiting at the station when we finally arrived.
Always sleep well, lovely friendly staff feel at home.
Special thanks to Shaima :)
The shower 3.
The beach is spectacular!
Friendly staffs and Relaxing environment.
We were on a motor biking trip and stayed one night.
I could use the kitchen for a tea or a quick meal.
And perfect for heading down to the Beach in the day, the numerous pools scattered about the resort were also nice although packed!
All made our trip worth its while
Peacefull, very friendly employees, beautifull view on the mountains at breakfast.
Breakfast is good, and while we never used it the hotel had a swimming pool so don't forget your trunks.
Very helpful staff on where to eat, travel arrangements etc.
Great Unlimited internet access, breakfast was basic but good.
The breakfast The spot of the hotel but not the location
Nature friendly location.
All but noise during night
Late check-in was no problem.
The bed was very comfy, home made jam was lovely and very quiet and was made felt at home .
Bathroom is reasonably large compared to other hotels, but towels are not fresh.
Love the rooms and access to the city.
We had steaks both nights we were there, and found them to be delicious and tender.
Location was ideal for Benicassim festival, was near shuttlebuses straight the Festival.
Club lounge is rather good.
I would suggest that a car is necessary here.
nice clean, large room, breakfast was good, environment is just great
A small park nearby for that early morning jog.
Dinner in the evening fantastic, breakfast in the morning sublime.
but room was perfect for one person; for two people it would be a squeeze and hotel is on main road.
It was a very pleasent stay we felt well treated in this riad, would strongly recommend to everyone!
Authentic atmosphere.
We did try the jacuzzi 😀.
Bed very comfortable Check in and out quick and easy Tv with good channels Close to West Kensington station Option for free breakfast
Close to JR railway station.
Be prepared that the best restaurants are all a short drive away but well worth visiting
bedroom was excellent...hosts very enthusiastic and genuine...breakfast was awesome.
Love the huge suite!
In other hotels we found only "sweet Italian" breakfasts( The rooms are simple, perfectly clean and nice decorated.
the apple jam
We organised a transfer from the hotel to pick us up from the airport, so easy and reliable.
Our room and bathroom were huge with some teaand coffee facilities.
It's very family friendly, doesn't blow your budget so you can spend money on going out to all the fun places.
View from the room.
The property was easily accessed with parking and I felt right at home from entering the property!!
The person working there, when you called was also not too friendly or well versed in describing where it was.
thats why we only communicated with the son, danushka.
Love the location wish I could stay longer.
Excellent food, very friendly owners, good location.
Easy for shopping and eating .
Cute, cozy, and very comfortable!
The decoration was very nice and cosy, it felt like home!the kitchen was well equipped and even the were information about the must do of the island!I enjoy a lot this room
Location 10 mins from Times Square, close to bus station, some good food outlets.
Waratah hotel & pub ('The TAH' by the locals...) is perfectly located close to everything in Hobart and has a good vibe and helpful staff.
Wi fi worked in our room.
The staff was very nice and they spoke English.
15mn from airport, convenient.
Helpful giving directions from Airport.
Building seems quite new, beautiful inside.
Kitchen is enough for the size of the Hostel (but maybe in the summer it's a problem that it's shut after 11 pm if u wanna get something cool to drink or eat out of the fridge after that time); Wifi worked good in all rooms; It's situated perfectly central so you reach most common spots by walking distance.
If you like antiques and a slightly eccentric owner this is the place for you.
Nice staff,good choice for breakfast and excellent location
Toilet smells.
Great, fast shuttle bus to Disneyland.
Location - was in the heart of Melbourne
Oversized window which can be opened.
Such a welcoming atmosphere making it a place id revisit time and time again
Staff were always happy, friendly and professional.
Don't be shy asking for tips and directions from the owners because they'll gladly help you with any question you'll have.
The Hotel was in a beautifully quiet, scenic spot and yet very close to the town centre.
Since I traveled with my family and friends, we approciated the beach bar and restaurant.
The hotel was so chilled and friendly, felt comfortable in all areas especially rooftop terrace.
Would bring my family here!
Everyone was super friendly and helpful.
Easy walking distance from kata beach (10minutes).
Always taking care of guests.
Rooms on 4th floor have a nice feeling to them and an excellent view of the mountains.
Stayed here before had a beautiful room
Location spot on (Union Sq just down road).
Fabulous comfort in room & shared lounge/dining.
Great place to navigate the Strip, you are just a staircase away from the Bellagio.
Very large and nice bed.
Within a shopping mall complex but separated.
Shops across the road and open till late.
Had such a wonderful stay... beautiful room and breakfast was lovely!
Lovely third floor family room ,excellent seaview.lift to each floor.excellent breakfast and service.
Location, Parking, friendly staff
Nice staf, clean room and great location.
Good common area and wifi to hang around.
The location is very very good cab is just £5,to city centre.
good location,comfy bed!
Would recommend to others and would stay here again.
Good, clean, modern rooms.
Rowery i everything is Ok !
Lots of books , games, info re local neighbourhood.
Roof top dinner excellent.
Everything very good and staff is very kind.
Clean rooms , adequate breakfast too.
The Staff and clean spaces.
good and quite cheap breakfast, really nice and quality decorations, spacious and clean room
Different areas in the hotel gave you a choice of where you wanted to relax.
Great rooms, nicely decorated and quiet.
A must in Meknès??
Machico is a great base to visit other areas of Madeira as has great bus service.
Our stay was great, but his welcome made it even better.
The bed was supremely comfy and the room was presented in a lovely manner.
Hello, recently my wife and I visited a beautiful and very magical house Au Bois Jolie!
The shampoo & conditioners were amazing!!!
Bed was very comfortable.Room a bit small.location was excellent.
She is an excellent cook.
Treat you like class.
Great pub food next door.
The spa facilities are amazing and was upgraded to a suite!
The hotel room was very nice with two queen beds which is important when travelling with kids and teens.
Convenient as my friend had a party at the location
The patience of the manager when I arrived and had payment problems due to what turned out to be a skimmed card.
I ate in the main restaurant for both breakfast and dinner where the meals were prepared and served to perfection.
Although old and dated hosts were great, and helpful.
They patiently accomodate my request to transfer in a twin bed room despite of high demand due to Xmas season.
I was lucky enough to taste some homemade cheese and jam as well.
Full of mould and no facilities.
better than expected.
You get to see both the beautiful blue-washed city on one side and the magnificent Rif mountains on the other!
The property was spacious, pleasantly decorated and very clean.
A quiet area nestled amongst the residential houses
Love the fishing and the hicking.
Staff were friendly and offered us a larger room when they realised that we had a five year old.
Taxis are available on request and bus stops are close by.
Garage parking and host was extremely helpful and friendly.
Very near to family we were visiting.
Nice bar with side room with a fire
Good breakfast, a cute little room, a bit small but enough to feel comfortable.
The free parking and location great.
Having twins the stairs are not safe need safety gate
location; modern.
Ideal location for KO San road.
It was also an added bonus to have a continental breakfast supplied free of charge and open from 0600 to 0900.
Easy showering for my aunties who have limited mobility.
This time no different, and even better, this time I got to enjoy the pool and rooftop bar, which are excellent.
Besides, the house is really close to bus station-mukinje, it is easy to go.
Breakfast was fantastic
beautiful place, very nice location charming hotel with very friendly and helpful staff, good restaurant with amazing view
Great check in assitance
Location - quick trip from LAX, walking distance to shopping centre
Lovely location, rooms great
I could actually catch a glimpse of the ocean from my window.
A separate sitting area and a balcony.
Modern Kitchen, and renovated bathrooms and flooring.
He gave friendly advise where to eat and to go for sights and had time for a little chat even though he was very busy.
We were wondering if we paid so less for this luxury hotel!
I was in desperate need of a USB stick for work and he spoke to his colleagues and managed to find one for me!
close for my business trip appointment
The breakfast is really nice and lots to choose from.
Big playground.
There's even a private parking space for a car inside a fenced yard.
Good hosts, gave you as much of their time as you needed.
Felt just like home!
Rooms very clean.Good breakfast.staff very accommodating.
Overall we had to stay in three different rooms due to 'issues' with booking.
It was very good.The public transportation was next to you.
You can't ask for more in terms of location.... and as for any GOT fans, this is the place for you!
Everything is nearby & food places around are incredible!
Everything, rooms, location, the view.
hotel bar was good.
Beds are bit shaking and need to be change.
They provided a fan when requested.
She can arrange for a taxi driver to pick you up/drop off and have a good price.
It's brand new and clean, modern facilities.
Breakfast was served in a loverly room overlooking the Castle.
Villa was lovely, modern and very clean.
Awesome breakfast Own olive oil Perfect vine Very nice place
The room is large enough, and very clean.
It took us about 40-50minutes to get to the airport in Argentina on our last day.
We knew the hotel was in the town so we weren't expecting panoramic views of mountains and seas.
Breakfast good and serves with a smile
It was a very friendly and helpful guy from Czech republic in the lobby
We booked the lovers room (room for two) and they prepared fruits, chocolate and red wine on the bed!
Helpful staff who go that extra mile.
Excellent value for money and easy parking
I had free wifi, however my husband and son couldn't even pick it up, let alone login to use it.
The staff/ owner was friendly and attentive
Guesthouse Felice is a low-budget place to stay, which means shared bathrooms and toilet.
Tourist map at reception MNE: Dobar dorucak.
The hairdryer didn't work - but the reception did offer me a replacement.
Breakfast (I was told but did not eat) is not western.
On leaving my wife and I both said we could not fault the hotel and would return.
Very convenient for Cheltenham, centre within walking distance.
Incredibly welcoming, beautiful room in lovely and quiet location only a short bike ride from the main attractions (bikes available for free).
Jacuzzi in room was great!fridge & microwave nice to have in the room.
Night view from our room not bad.
nice and clean place, beautiful garden, restaurants nearby, nice hosts all in all a very nice vacation
The friendliness of Beverley & Michael.
Price, events, cozy living room, computer and printer accessibility, staff
great neighborhood.
I had bad sunburn and he gave me his aloe Vera gel to use and told me to keep hold of it until we left.
The location is vey good and the staff were very welcoming.
It was all ground floor.
There is a beautiful pool overlooking the river and a lovely deck where one could relax with drinks and watched the sun go down.
I was lucky and found a spot.
The floors were dirty and there was no wine glasses.
Home baked Shortbread on arrival.
And o fresh juice.
Beautiful view, service and customer service 👌👌👌
Lovely staff, very clean public areas.
Me and my mother were pleased with the promptness and professionalism of staff.
Breakfast was surprisingly good: High french food standards Good croissants, jam, president butter and brewed coffee.
My son liked the kids room as well.
Couldnt beieve our room had a wooden floor and pretty chilly
The concept is really nice.
resuming energy on the warm wind and sunshine, swimming in the sea...
The bar was cool!
They really went the extra mile to ensure that it was special!
It was perfectly adequate and good central location.
Room generally (esp.
Would stay again in this apartment!
Renovated, clean, nice furniture.
The original room we had was very hot and even with a fan we were not able to cool it adequately.
The owners were extremely helpful.
The over all stay was amazing
Thanks lot booking.com
All in all it was a good one
Reasonably quiet but because of location people coming and going at all hours from or for flights
Although English of staff not always very good, still very helpful
Bed was comfortable, shower was a really good quality
Friendly ,good location , good food good value for money
Excellent food, reasonably priced with friendly staff, nothing appeared too much trouble to be achieve.
staffs are friendly, answer questions as they can.
It was a venue with character and atmosphere - very welcoming.
Hotel staff is well behaved and polite.
Breakfast was individual & awesome.
Cleanliness of bathroom and utilities
We loved the bathroom and the hidden speaker in there which was connected with the TV!
Nice view on the top.
Great room in junior suite which was good value.
Its a brand new villa with the amazing location, beautiful view and services.
The bed was comfortable and everything including the bathroom was clean.
Close by subway, Kindness staffs are, compare as different guest house among similar price This guest house is amaizng
Worse than basic
The staff are very attentive and polite loved the location for sure will be returning in this guest house
This bumps up the price of your accomodation significantly.
100% recommended and I will be back!
A special thanks to Sanjay for being such a warm and awsome person, helping us with whatever we requested.
Got a lift to car hire in the morning from the b&b owner.
Site had very good facilities.
Parking on site easy and convenient.
He let me leave the bags before check in time, was flexible about check out time and was always eager to know if everything is clear and fine with my stay.
Bathrooms were spacious.
Most of the staff were incompetent.
We needed separate bedrooms for the snorers in our group and this apartment allowed us to manage this affordably.
Large room, clean and tidy.
Nikos ist very pleasant and helpful.
Reception staff excellent10/10
The staff who bent backwards to help us.
Location was good, nice soft towels,large clean room & bathroom.
Very friendly, helpful and always smiling owners.
I had a simple breakfast by choice, what I did have was quickly served and very good.
Burns himself would have tucked in with gusto.
Stayed here as was attending wedding reception at venue.
If you want matching fluffy towels, matching bed linen and modern features this place is not for you.
The breakfast (English & continental) was delicious.
Overall it was a lovely place.
Food very good .
The staff arranged for us TUK TUK driver Mr.Rean for visiting temples .
Rooms: The beds are phenomenal and I love how close to minimalism the design of the room is.
Good location for arrival by car.
The receipionist Virginia was the Kindest and made us feel more welcomed
Staffs were very friendly and helpful specially Mr.
The host is very warmful,she helped us how to pay our parking penalty.
Great friendly welcome, very helpful and insightful staff.
The hotel is small in terms of overall number of rooms ( which I think is a plus) and is in a charming and carefully restored historiic building.My room was well equipped, super clean, everything was new, nice toiletries and good quality sheets and towels.
We were traveling with a little baby and a traveling bed was prepared in our room on our arrival, which was great that we didn't have to set up our after a long day.
the rooms are large and warm.
matress ok.
Fantastic to eat our meal outside under the night sky.
The style was like a chalet but a little bit confusing
Breakfast, swimmingpool
Good B'fast choice for Vegetarians
Hosts are really good.
While it is at the eastern end of the CBD (opposite end from Salamanca) nothing is very far in Hobart.
We had the best sleep of our entire trip, and the breakfast was fantastic.
Upkeep v. high standard.
Price still cheap, City view from our room
Nice food!!
I definitely enjoyed my 2 nights at Bettyhill Hotel.
Pre flight booking what an absolute treat, small beautiful parador in lovely hill top setting a real treat.
Awesome location, free food and cooking essentials, two cute dogs and a clean, big room.
There's a bus stop no more than 5 minutes walk that takes you directly to Guilin train station and just a couple of minutes from there another direct bus to Reed Flute caves.
Clean room and everything working properly (in Bali you learn to appreciate that)
If your faces to the street, you hava a nice view of the midlevels.
Every morning gave us advices where and how to travel or helped us with our plans.
the room 10 out of 10 so clean the view is excellent .
The view from the 42nd jr presidential suite was absolutely breathtaking.
The hostel is spotless clean.
The owner was a delight and very friendly: nothing was too much trouble.
Also, the dog is very sweet.
We were on a b&b tariff, asked for the fish menu at breakfast and had a freshly cooked smoked haddock with poached eggs - very, very nice (worth asking for menu at breakfast).
The cottage is excellent value for money and I cannot recommend it highly enough.
Very friendly staff and allowed us early check in.
Hostel very organized and all new!
And the room was spacious and very clean.
The hotel room is spacious and comfortable.
If you are someone who prefer somewhere quite, cool, simple and cheap place to go then here it is.
Cleaners made lots of noise it was constant.
Staffs and spacious room
They have back and foot messagers in the room!
Staff were really helpful and friendly, we needed ice for drinks and they didn't have any so the guy went to the garage and brought us some up to our room, really thoughtful and a lovely surprise.
The room was very clean and the bed comfy.
And the meal he has made for us was delicious.
Use of kichen facilities to get coffee etc.
We had dinner there two of our three nights and it was beautifully cooked.
Comfortable bed and very practical.
Clean, very comfy bed, lovely breakfast, superb hospitality Paul and Victoria couldn't do enough for us first class service xx
Hotel spotless.Room spacious and the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in.
Good location, very scenic
Clean, very friendly staff and good for.
Relaxed and beautiful space a little out of the bustle of the centre, but within walking distance to all one requires!
In the morning, we were treated to a tasty, piping hot cooked breakfast, served in a lovely gracious room on the first floor.
Very clean, great breakfast - good value for money
Comfort and econoy
It has hard wood floor.
Nice modern room by the pool.
The breakfasts WOW.
it very good clean room.
Dinner buffet has room for improvement but overall stay was amazing.
Good shower .room had good air con ...we had a great driver who took us around and helped us with learning the praises.
the bedroom we had was beautifully detailed as was the whole B&B.
Staff very efficient and alway's had a smile on their faces.
They really love their job.
Good choice of breakfast items with staff on hand to assist.
everything, amazing huge room, friendly girl on reception, fresh water and towells every day, great price (in september) i will be back for sure
The bed was comfy and the room had just what you needed to get you ready to get out and enjoy the city.
Decor was pleasant New Mexico style.
It is about 20 minute walk to Kyoto Station and about a 30 minute walk to Gion District.
Host was super friendly, we were given a complimentary bottle of wine on our arrival.
The staff, the villa and the zoo.
The restaurant wasn't too busy.
Good shower room, comfortable bed and clean bed linen.
Best pizzas in newwy mate
The room was really central,clean and comfortable.
Castle was just incredible, like entering into a different world.
It was only close proximity to the airport and their free shuttle but that too is not being operated between 1 pm to 6 pm....
Staff and locals friendly and welcoming.
I would come back to this place, no hesitation.
My husband and I are travelling India with our 4yr and 6yr old sons.
Love ya work 😀😘😍❤️
They offered complimentary drink.
Delightful lady runs this guesthouse,
We had a West Wing King room which was modern, clean and with decor of a high standard.
The bathroom was very good The staff were friendly
We highly recommend this property and will be using again!
- Angela guided us well to the place from the main road, and tried to help with some issues we had (no washing up liquid, no immediate internet access, extra toilet rolls etc.).
The room was very clean, no dirt or insects what so ever, the beds are comfortable and the balcony was very big.
Staff very nice,always smile face for customer
Definitely suits name of Sunnyside.
Kangaroos over the fence in the back patio.
), fast wifi, gratis tea and coffee.
Ate in Tang restaurant which had good food.
The view was pretty over the stone rooftops.
Hotel very big and a little confusing to find the lift to floor 2.
Plenty of sockets and tech support in room too.
The hotel is down a quieter street just off the main thoroughfare, directly overlooking the park.
The swimming pool is perfect for relaxation after a busy day running around temples.
Facilities & Service
Nice bed and room.
Very welcoming and get you involved in activities as well as introducing you to others.
It did not for the lack of water, internet and bad english speaking personnel.
The room was immaculate, there was even a washing machine!
very good staff who went out of their way to help with any problems we had plus resort was well maintained and very clean
Excellent breakfast and lovely staff.
easy walk to major arenas
View, warmth, happy place.
The host is warm and friendly and the breakfast was hilarious.
The location is very central and the WiFi worked very well for us.
Ian and Cheryl we're very welcoming and accommodating.Grounds were beautiful.
Location,price, service
10/15min walk to Krakow city centre, beautiful city.
We had a good stay !
Not cheap, but not too dear for the quality.
Lovely, accommodating and lenient staff.
We feel very relaxed in the lounge bar , and our daughter can call in to see us any time as she is at the university,
Very kind hostess!
The staffs are nice and very courteous.
Would have been great to have more time to enjoy the beautiful Warrnambool, as well as the resort's extra facilities.
Very central, on the High Street, right opposite the Guildhall, which has a free museum, and a short walk from the train station, and even closer to the castle, cathedral and book and antique shops.
The good welcome and the ways we were cared for.
Everything good(clean room, hot water in shower,kind staff and manager etc...)best dorm in my trip in India
This time, I accidentally packed my other family members' passports who would follow us later.
Thank you for good and fast service.
The train st is just a few meters over the street.
Fabulous location for nearby restaurants, pubs, cafes, shops, pleasant walk, getting into town etc.
It is a nice hotel for a stay, we recomnend it.
And very nice staff !
Throughout our journey in Armenia we had better accommodations if you only consider the location and equipment of the rooms.
Bright, clean and really great staff.
Oh, and the food in the restaurant was very very tasty as well.
* Quite good central location, the beaches, large Mercadona supermarket and the Siam water park all between 5 and 10 minutes walking.
We will definitely be back and would recommend the Beach House to our friends.
The host was very welcoming and he helped us a lot
Staff helpful, specially Rita who gave us great tips about the city, great dinner for 10 euros with free drinks, this is a plus!
Great room, good fitness facilities (gym & pool).
They even called to confirm our booking before our trip.
Spa was great!
Taxi fare to and from edinburgh less than £10 which one new years eve is amazing.
The house was full of character and charm.
Superbe stylish room, goog bad, cleam bathroom.
Great quirky room with everything that you would need for an overnight stay of as a base for visiting the surrounding area.
Combination of modern and old.
Amsterdam as a whole,not the apartment
The very friendly and helpful landlady.
A window would have been nice
Simultaneously luxurious and homely.
Incredibly friendly manager on arrival and complementary wine.
Was ideal position for my conference and for cycling in Stanley park.
My 2 yr old kid was unwell and I wanted to use the kitchen to cook something that she likes.
But, I was most impressed with the check-in staff and their willingness to work with me to make what was a short visit more memorable.
The staff were all very helpful and friendly!
Hotel prepared packed breakfast for us upon request because we had to leave early in the morning.
The view is very exciting.
Room basic but clean, good shower Reception staff welcoming
Eleni who works at the hote is an angel - she picked us up from the port when we arrived from Tinos, then took us to the airport.
I dont think I have any complain to make.
The beds were confortable, big extra large TV, nice kitchen.
Also have a drink in the bar by the water opposite and watch the sunset.
I strayed 2 night celebrating my friends birthday we rough it , it was horrible the worst I have ever seen, dont stay here run, we almost slept in our car the AC was making some banging noise all night the water was dripping in the tub making more noise and the room was very very very dirty the tub was almost black with dirt ................I will not come back ever .
I like the relaxing ambiance and the attitude of their staffs to customers like us.
Well located for ferry
A villa with a beautiful view.
The oldest house i saw was built in 1753.
The place is in the middle of Cairo on Tahrir Square
We were aware of road noise through the windows, but both slept fine.
I like the annexe.
Good parking in property grounds.
Riberia Grande itself is a cute town with rich culture and fun festivals.
parking, ease of access to premises.
Things were a walk away.
Its a very recommandable stay.
Rattan swing chairs on terrace.
We appreciated they changed our accommodation immediately to a decent room after we complained about our first night.
The rooms offer a wonderful view on the harbour.
Provided heaps of information on the local area when we first arrived.
Tranquillity and peacefulness was great to relax in.very clean and facilities are brilliant
The location was good.We also found breakfast to be excellent with plenty of choice.
The hostel looks nice, and it is good to have the toilets in the room.
It was in a very good area, close to everything
Twin room very big.
Good to busy shopping street, but quite enough.
hard boiled eggs and unsweetened oatmeal available at breakfast
We loved riding their bikes (free of charge) around to nearby beaches and towns.
Cater to individual dietary needs no hassle.
The service of the Concierge, they are willing to go extra mile!!
The hotel is really near a subway stop, the staff is really kind the rooms are big and have a fridge, a water boiler and coffee maker, plus tv own toilet with bath and hair drier.
Super helpful team, Stunning views, 10 min walk to the town-far enough away to be relaxed.
We would certainly visit again if we return to Blackpool in the future.
She met us on arrival and arranged a taxi to take us to the airport which she took us to.
Really cool & talkative owner with good hints where to have good coffee and best food.
There was no one he was disturbing or anything but she made sure to make us feel uncomfortable about the fact that my toddler was playing with their sliding door by the breakfast station.
Citations of known People in 5 different language in the bathroom are a nice morning greeting..
I'm travelling a lot and this is The best hostel where I ever slept.
So it's a little inconvenient if you don't have a transportation.
Very clean and space spacious rooms.
Breakfast choices very good for a guesthouse.
My room was lovely and the bed more than comfortable.
Exellent, spacy room, all facilities provided!
Secure bike store, warm welcome, lovely decor and perfectly clean
Of particular mention were Emma and Janviere of the front desk who were very helpful in helping me get a mobile line, SIM registration and activation of an internet bundle.
Efficiency of Susan's help organising another place for us too sleep over.
Breakfast in the morning was just amazing the staff were ensuring all guests were happy by offering top ups of tea/coffee & toast.
Metro station is 5 min.
We were in a recently up-graded room.
The food was fantastic as was the cooked breakfast.
Very convenient, friendly and comfy.
Car park was a bonus too.
The breakfast room is small but get some food to get going in the morning.
Walking distance from Galleria shops across the street.
He even gave my mum and I warm jackets so we could go out for a walk despite the weather.
Gorgeous room, gorgeous host, gorgeous facilities..just fab all in all.
Mattress is very comfortable.
The spa facilities were very clean, and loved that the thermal pool was odourless.
The location is close to the central station and just around 3 or 4 mins walk.
This family run guest house offers immaculately clean facilities, impeccable customer service and a fabulously tasty and cheap menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
The hotel staff really work hard and are always at hand to help...amazing attitude to all their guests.
Staff were very nice human beings.
Besides the super charming house located next to a river we appreciated the communication with the owner and her warm welcome.
Renovated area is lovely
Great breakfast by the terrace.
Great location, perfect for a quick layover on a business trip.
Staff, linked to Central Plaza
Clean, spacious room with marina view balcony.
This was delicious and most enjoyable.
Staff is very welcoming warm and friendly.
The breakfast is actually at a little cafe down the street, but it was very good and the staff there was friendly as well.
Wonderful staff, good clean rooms.
The staff is wonderful and helpful and you are, literally, a two minute walk to the waterfalls.
We've stayed before and will do so again as the hotel is in a good location for us.
Highly recommend oceanographic and science centre.
The hosts were extremley friendly and accomodating.The local beach is a short 2 minute walk from the property which was very suitable for children with a cafe/snack bar on the beach.
King Suite was opulent yet comfortable and luxurious.
charming staff-easy parking-great views from studioroom on top floor-free morningcoffee-small refreshing pool
However, we will avoid the high summer both because of the number of people but even more so because of the heat.
We had a nice meal in the restaurant too.
Breakfast was lovely n fresh, room was spacious.
The stuff is kind and polite.
All pictures mislead us to believe we had pool It was stuck out the back.
The motel doesn't do cooked breakfast - though I believe it can be had in the pub.
The position is very comfortable, one minute walk from the harbour.
I recommend a lot.
Cheap and good restaurant nearby.. In the way to Annecy.
The beds were very comfortable and our request for feather pillows was met.
Staff behavior, ambiance, location of the hotel.
A good hotel, value for money and near to amenities (walking distances).
Staff are so happy & accommodating from reception to concierge to happy breakfast staff & don't forget the location, amazing !
This was my second stay , I will go back again !
Wonderful atmosphere and perfect for both familys and backpackers!
Recommended for those want to stay like Home.
very near to airport.
Lovely to have 2 rooms and all the facilities.
Special mention to Hendro, Goose and Kiki at the pool bar - their service was exceptional, and they provided great laughs and accommodated our music requests!
Great place to teach snorkeling to children or beginners - sea is shallow, no currents, no waves and you can go in comfortably at jetty.
We have had a wonderful stay and wished to stay longer.
Very modern, very beautiful and very spacious.
Plenty of storage in room.
The sauna area recently refurbished was a real bonus and touch of luxury.
The free morning coffee and delicious evening hot chocolate is a nice touch.
Extra comfy bed and in the best location.
All right facilities, instant hot water bath, changed towels, soap.
Very good breakfast (outmeal with a variety of toppings, good choice of yoghurts, two kinds of meat, omelette, enormous choice of corn flakes, two kinds of muffin, pastry, tee, coffee, coffee cream, jam, oranges, bananas, apples, juices, toasts).
The hotel was a 20/25minutes walk from the old town, easy route and accessible by tram.
The wow factor!
I stayed in one of the single rooms (Rm.
Breakfast was very good and big enough.
My stay To start the location of the property online and where the property is are out by a 10min drive its a room in a house with nothing provided not even toilet paper was available during our stay i found socks ect in my room from previous gest
Jenny spent an hour with me, over a cup of tea, helping us plan our driving route through the UK.
Extra cheery welcome from Amy on reception!
The location and rooms were lovely.....having the pool almost to ourselves was great also!
I like that the room comes with a standing pole with hooks where I could hang clothes, a mirror with a bedside table with lamp, a table and tv.
I booked a single room and this was a good choice as I felt very cosy (that's not so say there isn't plenty of room and storage - there is!)
Staff really helpful,lounge meal very good.
Comfort of the room and accessibility of the place.
We were up graded to an exec room which was HUGE and really light.
In CBD and so close to facilities, including the Leagues Club.
Only near to Aqualand
Staff were very friendly, I stayed in a lovely room in the main building, and had dinner in the pub, which was outstanding.
We had walked in the rain that day on the Camino.
Rest of them seemed very stressed.
Breakfast buffet is excellent, worh of money.
Room was basic but you do not need much.
I got upgraded for free which was really nice.
First it is very difficult to figure where the hotel is.
We had a suite and room layout was perfect for two adults and a toddler.
This was particularly good as we went to see the Milan-Sanremo bike race so to watch it from our room was brilliant.
Rooms were beautifully decorated with a particular charm that made our stay feel very special.
Additionally, Villa is surrounded by pine trees and the lovely smell, birds, and crickets give you that perfect summery feeling.
Cousy lobby & restaurant.
Quiet good parking very accomodating when asked to leave the car overnight
made us feel like guests of the maharaja !
It's a warm cosy hotel in a central location.
Staff were super friendly, loved the welcome drink !
I loved the low bath....so easy to get in and out of!!!
No real staff.
Very convenient for shuttle and airport
So great to have a refreshing cold drink after walking around in the heat of the city!
Great location, close to Queen St and the river, some good dining options nearby- the Malay restaurant across the road (Roti Place) is great value and amazing food.
Really nice big house in the middle of sunflowers.
Very steep parking access/egress to car park and expensive at 20e.per night Excellent facilities, easy to find and good position for walking into the city centre.
Beautiful place, nice wine testing experience and breakfast was really good
the price pernight
We had a very enjoyable stay and look forward to coming back in the near future.
The bathrooms were really nice, good shower.
A short drive into Hermanus which has plenty to offer.
ligging tov Ottawa.
And they fulfilled it perfectly !
The restaurant / pub was superb, The best salmon ever!
Central enough and the (small) bed was comfortable.
Good location , clean and appealing accommodation .
we have booked 2 nights but only stayed one and they did not let us pay the second :) in other places they would have just pretended the money so we were very pleased with that!
Hotel staff couldn't care less about giving us this room
Friendly and very helpful management.
Walkable distance to beach, restaurants and nightlife.
We stayed in room 2, a downstairs room next to the dining room.
Very clean rooms with cleaning every day.
Micheal was a very nice and helpfully man .
Wonderful food and very comfortable and well appointed rooms
We went along with the couple in the next room.
A hire car is essential as it's up in the hills above the town, but the views are spectacular.
Apartment is perfect, position is perfect and Mr Alex wonderful person .
Coffee machine great....but would have been nice to be able to have more than 1 cup per person per day as only 2 pods included.
Another benefit is that it is fifty meters to elevator staton so you can be first on the top.
The staff is very helpful and friendly.Good location.
Lovely hidden wee gem with friendly staff.
Wonderful breakfast and snacks.
It was like paradise with the best possible host I had : Paqui.
It is on the outskirts of the city, up a narrow valley, part of the road is dirt but only for the last five minutes or so.
Everything is onsite
Large and Clean Bedrooms; generous food portions; Good real ales
Very good provision of basic kitchen needs.
Piano in the living room with many games and movies.
Towels where only available from mid afternoon and one of the staff from reception was very rude to one of our party,overall the hotel, pool and breakfasts where okay but the night staff man ALEX was very friendly and welcomed you with a handshake!
The bed exceptionally comfortable.
There is no microwave, perhaps it can be good.
The staff were lovely and really welcoming.
good facility .comfortable bed .
The services offered were no less then compared to any 4 star hotel .
Friendly, immaculate and comfy!
Warm ,clean and comfortable, What more could you want?
1Utama is juz next door.
The Bathroom extremely clean and the room as well.
The hotel is very well geared up for kids, theres even a little tv area in reception with beanbags.
The food was excellent and service quick and efficient.
Lovely place, Friendly staff, Modern, Stylish & clean.
Facilities fit description and was good value for money.
Dionisis the manager made us feel so special, we felt blessed for our choice from the time we arrived at the airport where he first greeted us.
I communicated with Luc multiple times via email to book the tours while we were still at home.
We loved it for a family holiday.
We didn't try the food.
Food in the restaurant was fabulous.
Good pizza pub on the corner and Hotel Roma excellent for dinner (recommended by host).
Just an ideal place.
The family bedroom was lovely, and the whole place has an impressive eccentric old world charm.
Room service!!!
You can have bikes (for free) and explore surroundings.
We loved the old fashioned lift, marble floors and bright dining area.
Best we got good service oh sorry best service from Amar.
Rooms were large and spacious and clean, really liked the little touches with chocolate on the bed and generally smiles from the staff.
Bus stop is in front of the property.
The hotel and grounds are absolutely stunning!
We didn't eat in the hotel but there is a restaurant with a limited menu which not many people were using.
Very courteous and friendly staff.
Pleasant personel and very nice overall room.
Sent email before arrival re late arrival not replied.
It was Xmas, so no staff to review, but instructions to get in was fine, communication was good too.
Very clean and modern hotel, very nice
The delightful owner, who supervised breakfast, was very friendly, chatty and helpful.
We especially loved that the owner called a family person who could speak our language to let us know that they enjoyed having us stay.
Also breakfast was very good and rich.
The rooms were recently upgraded, so everything is new and clean.
Staff were friendly, shower was hot, breakfast started early so we could get back on the road, good value.
Absolutely first class and very affordable
During this time they showed us interesting spots in the area like night market in Krabi Town and Aonang area.
The area is also very clean and very quiet making it very relaxing.
Staff was helpfull:: I will be back again::: thank you so much
Great beach
Room were beautiful and had a fridge and microwave
Great family run place in an excellent location.
The staff are always very friendly and always happy to help with any queries.
Comfortable clean room, good price.
Great value for money and room was so clean
And the half open bathroom is something that you have to experience.
Pub in a lovely position to sit outside in the afternoon/evening sun
He was clearly very proud of his noticeably clean car!
Great place for 3 old school friends to stay.
Bathroom was a decent size and clean.
also big room
I have never asked reception to pass my thanks to the Chef before.
I started to advice the Hotel Balladins to other people, and they gave me the same feedback.
Staff Super!
cleanliness, comfortable bad, aircon, good staff
Good alternative if you are at the Excel centre - very easy to get too from here.
And near shopping market.
Cleanliness could not be faulted.
The staff were so friendly and helpful during our stay.
It's a safe and clean environment.
Even though we had checked out they were happy for me to leave my car.
Excellent room near the Cathedral.
The lady in The reception was very kind and helpfull!!
Staff specially Alexinader Location
Bed comfy..facilities good.
Nice interior design, friendly and helpfull staff.
Good for families on budget.
I was impressed that the family suite had 2 rooms and the single bed room had its own tv.
Very clean, staff make amazing pancakes, best I've had!
Spacious en-suite.
Suited my purpose, economic accomodation near convention centre
The studio apartment was booked for the second and third night so we had a two bed apartment on the floor below, same stunning views.
The rooms were very clean and tidy.
room ok a bit small bed comfortable great breakfast fantastic staff location spot on
We walked most places or hailed a taxi as reasonable price with 4 of us.
You feel like home immediately and you do not want to leave it.
Head down to like, 3 7-11s that are in the same building as well.
- spacious house, good for 2 families (there were 7 of us including 3 kids): 3 bedrooms, 2 full bathrooms - nice kitchen (oven, dishwasher) and living room (with something similar to fire place), washing machine - near Ponte di Legno were is good parking lot and cable car to Passo del Tonale - Adamello Ski
rooms fabulous...loved the couples chairs in rooms.
I surely will stay there again and can recommend with confidence.
Kitchenette clean and well equipped.
The staff was nice and helpful and was close to La Rambla, which is always good.
Room was clean and big for the 2 of us, and rest of hostel is very nice as well Good central location and price!
The flat was very close to the beach and public transport.
Gorgeous views, large comfortable rooms, very clean and we had some great trips organised through the hotel.
The relax, nature and services as trips and massage
Would recommend any time.
The ambience and the landscaping is excellent.
The staff members were very cooperative, kind, helpful and friendly.
Also no door handle inside shower to shut door.
Budget room on a budget price.
Good choice at Breakfast from Full English to Continental.
I was late from the breakfast, everyone finished but staff waited for me with set table, thanks!
We were greeted when we arrived and we didn't have to go to an office to drop keys off or anything so the check out process was great.
Our hosts have been wonderful with us, we have been treated like 2 princesses!
Good location near old town and only 15 - 20 minutes by taxi to the airport
It is difficult to find.
Rooms are VERY clean and comfortable.
I just love this place and think it is just the best value for money.
Its a value for money stay.
The location is key.
Monika is absolutely amazing!
The hosts are welcoming, bed was comfy, had a spotless room with en suite, vast selection of books to borrow for my stay and the tasty breakfast even included my favourite yoghurt!
The layout, views, bedroom, lounge, the cleanliness, easy use of equipment, spa, pool, gym, all good.
enverament eazy
Comfort of access to Canal Walk.
Typically for a small French town out of season, there was no restaurant open that evening.
I would recommend this place and I would stay there again next time I am in Bcn.
but he is like to help me.
There was different hot food (omlet, sausages, pancakes).
Shared bathroom and bedrooms were all very clean, and beds were made up every day.
Bedroom & Bathroom Very Good , Lifts 1st Class .
Check-out was "drop-off your key here" style.
next time we come back Taiwan we still will come stay at Miniinn.
Countryside manor close to London; conveniently situated with free parking.
Bed is very comfy and room is super clean.
We made a late booking - from outside.
Super location, very very friendly staff, always available.
On departure requested 2hr late check out.
Nice kitchen & bathroom with heated floor.
Shane And Caitriona e mailed us prior to arrival with directions etc tea and cake on arrival lovely home made jams
All of the staff were lovely.
It was cold and noisy.
Hammam & swimming pool was good.
We had a nice and clean bathroom as well - so I felt welcome and at home here.
Metro near the hotel.
all staffs are very kind and food is good.
Friendly staff, whole are willing to go an extra mile to make guests happy.
Has a TV with a nice variety of channels too.
Room had both air con and an electric fan.
The wifi is unreliable.
rooms very clean, staff very very nice
Very close to the Sunday night market.
The hotel is central and close to the market.
Also a lovely play area for the kids.
Warm and comfortable rooms, we'll come back.
The staff were very polite and nothing was too much trouble.
Lovely modern room with balcony.
Great welcome from Clare on arrival
Beds are very comfortable and rooms are cosy.
I had requested for a bottle of cava and cake to be in the room upon arrival and as we checked in they upgraded us to a nice room and when we got to the room they had decorated it with balloons as well as made sure the cava was Cold and the brownie cake with ice cream was ready to eat.
Wonderful building in beautiful surrounding!
Not a hole lot after we found something in our bed
Total shit tip
Very lovely hosts, very modern rooms which provide more than expected.
Very nice guest house very nice owner and very clean and comfortable
Great, clean and cosy appartments.
Kitchen in to room is kind of small and visibly not used a lot but since we had all inclusive we did not even need it.
There is lots of parking around the property.
Was close to Tsing Yi
In the common area we also met many other friendly and funny guests.
The place is easy to reach and surrounded by many tourist spots.
And a 5 minute walk from the beautiful old part of the town where you can walk up the hill to see the historic university and churches.
No eggs for breakfast and poor selection of bread.
Simple rooms but large enough and very clean.
The scrambled eggs at breakfast were good (depending on the batch - first 2 rounds it was perfectly running and 3rd round it was overcooked).
If you don't need a place that is a short walking distance from the town center, this will be a good choice.
Being so handy for railway and metro to get around the city and surrounding area.
Lovely food at the bar and breakfast was exellent.
We are vegetarian and have both had experiences with bad veggie breakfasts so this was a relief!
Location, space, layout and furnishing of appartment, reserved parking space in parking garage nearby.
In room was strange smell and i had hadeace all the time
The room and pool are also very clean.
Easy to find.Handy for motorways.Short distance from Harry Potter studio tour.Short walk to local shops.
Good choice of delicious breakfast.
Hotel personnel is friendly.
We had to leave early in the morning- so missed the breakfast- which we had heard very good reviews of.
The decor is a very concept hotel.
We were surprised with tasty sicilian sweets and received a lot of useful information about the places we should visit.
The room was comfortable and breakfast was great with plenty of choice.
Everything is so conveniently located
I would recommend this place to friends, and travellers.
Staff, rooms, location.
Staff was very friendly, helpful
Nothing really excited me about this place.
Roof top bar sun lounge and hot tubs
Rhona made this our home - not just a B&B.
Good breakfast with fresh fruit juice.
Good value for the money, fantastic location, close to ferries, restaurants, bars.
We got a free upgrade when we arrived.
I will be staying here in the future!
near Zipline
the Lodge was lovely not far from Town very comfortable ample parking too
These things happen.
Staff were beyond helpful & could not do enough for you.
The use of space was amazing.
Location, big room and plenty thing to do
not much of a selection for breakfast
Building looks old from outside but inside Lovely room with clean bathroom.
Room is comfortable and well presented.
I also liked the kitchen, it had everything you needed, and the interior terrace, where I could enjoy my morning coffee.
Room and bathroom were spacious, colourful and very tastefully arranged, super clean and modern.
General hotel atmosphere was cold and not that attractive - appreciated the free parking.
Also security officer Mohamed who was working on day shift very frindly
Great kitchen and dining area
Nice recent modernized rooms.
The room was restful and quiet at night as we really needed.
Beautifully landscaped grounds with interesting shaped pool.
The staff, Paulo & the breakfast lady in particular.
Deprrssing hotel.
the food was homegrown and delicious, including the fantastic breakfast.
it was nice accomodation, alot of snow
Metro Hostel made my journey to Portugal more positive and vivid, and I have only good memories from staying here ^^
Comfortable rooms and beds, clean facilities, good breakfast, lovely pool and sauna.
The bed, sheets and pillows were amazing!
The breakfast at the Hilton was actually excellent.
The room was clean and comfortable.. up to the point of having no hot water.
I really miss Bosfora hotel!
The bed was firm and good.
And far enough away for quietness at night to sleep.
Room was very quiet - well away from highway noise.
A variety of cheese and butter was available in addition to milk, cereals, hot beverages, juices and yogurt.
Loved the comfy beds and fluffy pillows.
Ancient buiding in marvellous village Castle Combe in the very centre, cosy, warm, stylish interior.
Friendly staff also nice and quiet definitely a place to get away from everything & enjoy each other's company
Nothing can beat that.
Other reviews have stated small, steep stairs and small toilet.
The so called standard room is horrible, you can hardly move inside the room
The owner is around at breakfast and happy to chat and give hints and solve problems.
Within a walking distance to 3 of the nicest beaches.
Excellent all round !
Cant wait to go back !
The peace and quiet.Moroccan food was good.
Lovely staff and very professional.
Beautiful grounds, spacious and clean rooms, lovely pool and great friendly service.
An enormously spacious suite with no noise from the street.
super friendly staff and amazing local produce and wine
Overall a truly beautiful place which we can see returning year upon year.
Clean room and staff were good.
It is pure decadence, properly applied!
Room was very neat nd clean and breakfast was Osam ☺️👍
location and view from room staff pool area
Room was comfortable and clean and looked like it had been refurbed recently.
Room size, location, bar, bathroom.
Big and comfortable room good food nice staffs fast response
It is brand new!
The property was definitely not what I expected.
The place is a short walk to the old town, great for cycling around.
We got upgraded on arrival to a bigger room because we were celebrating finishing work for the holidays.
A big thank you to Joshil and his Wife, you're great!
Nothing we were so disappointed, the room was not non smoking as indicated by the host, the room was very run down and not cleaned well at all.
Bed was very comfy, room felt spacious and very clean.
It's location is good as it's near most of attraction connected to highway.
The owners Tony and Yui are very friendly people and great company.
Comfort and cleanliness in our bedroom and bathroom was exceptional, nothing was out of place and we were made extremely welcome on arrival and throughout our stay.
I enjoyed having the balcony, I enjoyed how we couldn't't hear the neighbours, easy location to get to.
Kitchen: They prepared what we asked...thanks for that
Very clean, spacious, yet cosy, beautiful surroundings.
You always expect something like this and almost never find it.
The property was good & clean thank you
comfortable bed very clean and big room LCD TV with satellite free coffee and tea good place, near city centre and shopping centre
Without a doubt, I'll stay here again and again and again!
Good hear bathroom door open and a hairdryer being in the room next door
Everything- position, parking, well supplied kitchen for cooking.
Serve own products and the best coffee by far from all other hotels I tried.
The room was amazing with even a pc.
View were lovely and I had the best nights sleep in a long time as it was so comfortable and peaceful Definitely recommend
Very very kind family and good food.
This was our 2nd stay with Windtower so you know we like this property.
The parking was free, and the shops are very near.
Helpful staff, comfy beds and spacious room.
Lovely house with cozy room and beautiful garden close to airport.
The breakfast was amaizing.
The breakfast was delicious and exiting.
Very nice people, very nice staff, always helpful
The staff was super welcoming, I had a very good first impression, that only increased after seeing all the rest!
The pool was nice, very deep at one portion and plenty of seating and towels.
Loved the sunset canoe ride courtesy of the hotel.
The breakfast was amazing and was accompanied by amazing home made cake to keep us going till lunch.
Convenient for TMB
from reception upon arrival to departure.
Very nice hosts, home made breakfast!
The staff, especially Jim.
The facility is nice.
Comfortable bed, microwave and refrigerator both came in handy.
I was permitted to charge up my electric car
the whole place was amazing, we arrived late after 9 hours on a motorcycle ,the resteraunt was closed yet the owners still cooked us food,the hosts were great very helpful, a great place for familys as well as couples, beautiful scenerary only 10k from the alps, would defonately stay there again without a doubt.
The house was absolutely lovely and in an ideal location.
The facilities of the spa were lovely.
The dinner was great, cooked the traditional way.
Friendly staff- guy at the front desk found out I was a KSU grad, had a good conversation with him, then he decided to upgrade me to a huge suite which was lovely!
Staff Very friendly new bar and restaurant excellant
It was an excellent place to stay.
TV in the room accepted USB and every floor has a small kitchenette area for making coffe/tea or anything microwave.
Delicious cakes for breakfast.
Warm welcomed staff.
There is a nice scenic view of mountains & clouds while standing in the Hotel parking lot.
Jelena welcomed us very friendly and kind.
the rooms are amazing and the winehouse as a whole is something one must see.
Free wifi Maps provided Info on night buses provided
Good breakfast and parking.
(You could walk it if you like walking).
It's highly recommended for anyone who travel with a low budget.
Love this place, perfect location, clean, good wifi, good breakfast.
This was a lovely hotel, small and accommodating.
Nice big room they said we were upgraded to the top floor.
Great value per pay, lovely people, clean rooms.
The place is Beautiful and well managed
- Location is really unique, once you find your way it's easy to reach the city center in a couple of minutes.
Maybe though she should be looked after with aircon in room either a portable one as her own is tiny, but hot to sleep.
A very warm welcome from reception and very helpful, very well looked after by the team at breakfast even the chef came out to chat and give out mince pies and gingerbread.
The floor of the room had a bad odour, no television in the room, all the lodgers on second floor shared two toilets and two bath room etc.
Simplicity and felt like community living, very cheap also
Their hospitality has surely made our trip in Sintra as one of the spotlights!
Very close to Ocean Village - which was why I chose it.
Comfy bed, welcoming staff ( a man named June on reception)
Every day 3 new ones.
Nice and clean hotel, big room, friendly staff, lovely food with plenty of fish and sea food.
Simon was friendly with suggestions for day trips.
Thanx a lot for all
We stayed in a house with three bedrooms and the kitchen at very quiet place.
Visa immigration service not far from hotel in the same street.
The country is beautiful there; the breakfast was delicious.
(we were staying in a standard apartment and only the superior apartments have access to the main hotel pool otherwise.
Very quite and large rooms, strong wi-fi access
Like Dublin the music and bars
Housekeeping was excellent.Thank you Jikon (Level 24)
The hostel is very clean and in the very good location.
