A flat-screen TV is provided.
Changi International Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a games room and a tour desk.
Some rooms have a mountain view.
Free airport transfers and free parking are available upon request.
Hotel Max am Meer Kühlungsborn features fine gastronomy, the Moritz Bar and a spa area with a Finnish sauna and relaxation lounge.
You can prepare your meals here.
With its central location, Hotel Don Jaime 54 allows you to visit most of Zaragoza on foot. The city's cultural sights are just as near as the local shops, leisure facilities and business venues.
All rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a bath and shower.
Rooms feature an en suite bathroom offering a hairdryer, shower and free toiletries.
Just 100 metres from the Sankt Gereon Basilica, this small, family-run hotel in Cologne city centre offers free Wi-Fi internet, brightly decorated rooms, and a varied breakfast each day.
With a unique décor, all of the rooms feature a private entrance and a flat-screen TV.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 29 km from Sari Garden.
The nearest airport is Benito Juárez Airport, 11 km from Polanco T40.
Other facilities include a business centre with internet access.
Chambres d’Hotes Ti Ar Yer is located in Milizac in Brittany’s Finistère department, just 9 km from Brest.
Set in Eden Island in the Mahé Region, this Semi-detached holiday home features a terrace and a garden with a year-round outdoor pool and a barbecue.
All rooms have satellite TV and a private bathroom with soft bathrobes.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking and the TS de l'Arcelle ski lift is just 300 metres away.
Nash Dom Hotel is located in Anapa, within a 10-minute walk of Orekhovaya Roscha Park and the Black Sea coast.
They are equipped with kitchen facilities, cable TVs and a complete bathroom.
The air-conditioned rooms offer a flat-screen TV with Sky channels, free wired internet, and a minibar.
The living room is fitted with a flat-screen TV. The apartment has seating area where you can relax.
A popular buffet breakfast is served every morning with fresh fruits and pastries.
Set in the Cinque Terre National Park, Camere Nicolina is in the heart of Vernazza and 160 metres from the town's Train Station.
All rooms have private bathrooms with showers.
These apartments in the centre of Lloret de Mar, on the Costa Brava, are just 500 metres from the sea.
Free WiFi access is available.
The hotel also provides a business centre, laundry services and a 24-hour front desk.
This property is 5 minutes’ drive from Mercado Independencia Market and 3 km from Plaza Valladolid square.
Each is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing barbecue or take a stroll in the garden.
Located a 10-minute drive from Jeju International Airport, Jeju Ocean Family Hotel offers comfortable guestrooms with an ocean view.
A wide range of bars, shops and restaurants can be found in the surrounding area, the Latin Quarter.
Some rooms feature a spa bath.
At the foot of the Stara Planina hills, the Sofia Family Hotel is 50 metres from hiking eco-routes.
Set in a building from the 1700s, this 4-star hotel features lovely gardens with a small pool.
The on-site Jan De Wit Design Hotel offers a rich a-la-carte menu.
The Peter Hart Apartmenthaus features an on-site sauna and a hot tub.
It offers a fitness centre, massage service and a sauna.
The apartment is also ideally located 650 metres from Chatelet-les-Halles shopping centre and train station.
There is also a fully equipped kitchen, and 2 bathrooms with a hairdryer and a bath or shower.
Offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, Holiday Inn Cúcuta is located acroos the Ventura shopping centre and a 5-minute walk from the emblematic Santander Park. Here you can find San José de Cúcuta’s Town hall, the Cathedral and the financial sector.
This contrasts with the timeless surroundings of the Sant Llorenç del Munt Natural Park, the hotel gardens and the 17th-century Mas Bonvilar country house, which forms part of the complex.
Overlooking the Tuscan hills, Villa Toscana offers a sun terrace, hot tub and free Wi-Fi throughout. Guests can relax in the garden equipped with a private pool and BBQ facilities.
Puerto Madero is 3 km away.
The Ankara Marinem Hotel is located in the centre of Ankara, within walking distance of Kolej metro station.
Sandino offers free parking and is 45 km from Palencia.
The Malická Bus Terminal lies 300 metres away.
Le Colombine is located in Abbadia Lariana, 400 metres from Lake Como.
It also has a free games room for kids, open daily upon request from 10:00 -17:00.
Overlooking the blue sea, Liandao Swete Peninsula Holiday Hotel offers cosy, relaxing accommodation in the airy, orderly arranged guestrooms.
The spacious room features a freestanding bath, a flat-screen satellite TV, wooden floors, and a bathroom.
It features a private terrace, TV and fully equipped kitchen.
Each comes with 1, 2 or 3 separate bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom.
The rooms come with a hairdryer and shared bathroom facilities.
There is also a common TV available there.
Guests who wish to travel can make sightseeing and ticketing arrangements at tour desk.
The spa is equipped with a heated indoor pool and hot tub, and there is also a fitness centre.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Located less than 3 blocks from the beach and Duval Street, this classic-style Key West motel features Cuban tile floors and a beautiful rooftop sun deck.
An array of activities can be enjoyed in the surrounding area, including cycling, hiking, swimming and canoeing.
There is a children’s playground and a sun terrace at Hostal San José.
It offers well-equipped modern furnished apartments and studios, and free Wi-Fi access.
Individual lockers are available for guests.
Packed lunches are available upon request and special diet menus are also an option at this property.
At Casa Milena you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Some apartments feature a balcony and all have a safety deposit box.
Other meals are available on request.
Apartamenty Sun&Snow Diune Bałtyk Park is located by the sandy beach of Kołobrzeg. Warm-coloured apartments feature an LCD TV as well as a free parking and a balcony.
This holiday home is 68 km from Billund Airport.
It features uniquely decorated accommodation and a swimming pool, situated just a few steps from the village of Artemonas.
It also has a living room with a flat-screen TV, and 2 bathrooms.
There is a restaurant just a few steps away, while a café and a market is 100 metres away.
Checkin Sirius has a sauna, hot tub and a gymnasium.
Children have their own play area.
They have a flat-screen TV, free Wi-Fi, a private bathroom and a minibar.
Ferry Port offers links to the splendid nearby islands and can be reached in just a couple of minutes on foot.
The guest house is 1.7 km from Badajoz Fortress, 1.8 km from El Corte Ingles and 800 metres from Puerta de Palmas.
A breakfast bar with healthy options is available each morning.
Free private parking is available on site.
Albany is 19 km from Oakcliff Bed and Breakfast, while Amsterdam is 40 km from the property.
The kitchen includes a dishwasher.
Gästehaus Schmitt offers modern rooms with parquet floors and a flat-screen TV.
The Hampton Inn Baltimore/White Marsh is surrounded by numerous shops, restaurants and entertainment options.
Langkawi Airport is 4 km away.
Rooms offer a balcony and free Wi-Fi. The property features a free wellness centre, a gym, and free parking.
D’Leyenda Hotel offers food delivery service and guests can find a variety of restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk.
Some of the villas come with a terrace overlooking the garden and a dining area with an equipped kitchen.
Mercure London Bridge has spacious, air-cooled rooms, a gym and a Marco Pierre White New York Italian restaurant.
Qiandaohu Zihao Hotel offers accommodation in Thousand Island Lake.The property features convenient transportation and beautiful environment.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and a balcony. There is also a refrigerator.
An amusement park with slides, a climbing tower and a ropes course is a 15-minute drive away.
The white town of Otranto is 18 km from the property.
Set in Pantai Cenang, 1.8 km from The Rice Museum, Lavigo Resort features a barbecue and sun terrace.
Piazza Dei Signori and the historical centre are within a 15-minute walk of A Casa Di Checco.
Free private parking is available on site.
Cardiff Airport is 66 km from the property.
All rooms at Talos enjoy free Wi-Fi access. Each is equipped with a TV, coffee maker and refrigerator.
The tennis courts , squash courts, bowling lines, a beach-volleyball , a heated outdoor swimming pool and many other sports facilities are also available in area.
Remay Hotel is located in the city of Bolu, only 2 km from the bus terminal.
It offers modern and well-equipped accommodation and free Wi-Fi.
Located 7 km from Calangute and Bega Beaches, Hotel Nova de Goa offers a 24-hour front desk and free Wi-Fi in the lobby areas.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Eurostars Zaragoza offers accommodation in Zaragoza, inside the Zaragoza-Delicias Train Station. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Each comes with an en suite bathroom.
Capuchins Hotel offers practical rooms with air conditioning, a TV and a minibar.
The historic one is where you will find the bar, lounge, meeting rooms and the courtyard.
Déry Museum and the Modern Museum are set 650 metres from Apartment Barres de la rue. The Nagyerdő park area can be reached within 2.5 km.
It is just a short stroll from the world-renowned Acropolis and offers free WiFi access.
Guest rooms feature a small seating area and a bathroom with shower.
The nearest airport is Anapa Airport, 5 km from Guest house Romio on Limannaya 51A.
Guests can relax in the on-site garden and play darts at the property.
Providenciales International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
Pampering spa treatments, a hot tub and a fitness centre are also available.
Beverages can be enjoyed at the Tea Lounge.
They can also unwind in the patios reading a book from the library.
Sochi Discovery World Aquarium is 5 km from Hotel Sergiy, while Novy Vek Shopping Centre is 3.8 km from the property.
In the centre of port de pêche en activité 200 m from the centre of Ciboure, 400 m from the centre of St Jean de Luz, 400 m from the sea.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge.
The Hillcrest House is just over 30 minutes’ drive from Killarney town centre and its picturesque national park. The Blue Flag beach of Rossbeigh and Burke's horse-riding facilities are 10 minutes’ drive from this family-run B&B.
A mini-market is available on site where guests can get supplies.
The property is just 50 metres from the bus stop for Malta International Airport.
The nearest airport is Santos Dumont Airport, 9 km from the property.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property and free WiFi access is provided.
Guests enjoy free use of local public transport.
A continental breakfast is included in the price and served each morning in the dining area.
Surrounded by lovely gardens, this country lodge features sweeping staircases, large open fireplaces and unique architecture.
Guests can enjoy a drink while admiring the view on the garden terrace of the bar.
Cross country skiing trails start right next to the apartment, while a ski bus station is in front of the house.
The Castello hosts wine-tasting sessions, and guests can visit the winery on request.
Laundry facilities are also on site.
Some rooms include a TV and a private bathroom, and the shared bathroom facilities are in the hallway.
It is 500 metres to Kraków Główny Train Station. Wawel Castle is 800 metres away.
Air conditioning is available in the breakfast lounge and rich breakfast buffet is served daily.
Featuring a modern design, the Skyna’s quality restaurant has an open kitchen and provides both traditional Portuguese meals and international flavours.
With a privileged location at the heart of the 9th district of Paris, between Montmartre and the Palais Royal garden, Hotel de Nell is a 5-minute walk from Grands Boulevards Metro Station.
JR Kyoto Train Station is a 10-minute public bus ride away.
Each room is equipped with a TV and the superior double room has access to a terrace.
Additional features include ski storage, central heating and public parking on site.
Chumbarova-Luchinskogo is a self-catering accommodation offering city views.Free WiFi and public parking are available on site.
You will also find 2 bars and a piano bar with live music during summer.
Anthony Quinn Bay and Kallithea Springs are 2 km away.
The kitchen features a microwave.
The Odejewscy boasts a large garden that has a playground that kids will love and a mini golf range.
Other facilities like luggage storage are offered.
The historic 19th century hotel offers an outdoor pool, massage services and a flat-screen TV in every room.
Rooms at the Comfort Hotel Manaus have large windows and modern furnishings.
This hotel is set in an Art Nouveau building typical of Berlin, and is located in a side street at Kleistpark in the district of Schöneberg.
There is a seating area and a kitchenette complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
The spacious garden with barbecue facilities is at guests’ disposal.
A bakery service is available at an extra cost.
The offices of IBM, Delta Dental and many more are also easily accessible.
Furnished with carpeted floors, rooms here come with a balcony, seating area and satellite TV.
Beautifully located in a forest area by Lake Lagarfljot, 25 km south of Egilsstadir, is the Hotel Hallormsstadur, close to hiking trails and various recreational opportunities.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the entire building.
Offering a garden and terrace, Enkolong Tented Camp-Mara is located in Mara Simba, 21 km from Masai Mara.
The iconic National Monument and National Museum are located about 9 km away from the hotel, and Soekarno-Hatta International Airport is reachable within a 20-minute drive via the toll road.
Situated 10 km from Almyri Beach, Panagiotis House features spacious apartments with a balcony and fireplace.
A ski storage room and free private parking are available on site.
Yerevan Train Station is 3 km from the apartment, while Yerevan Airport is 11 km away.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
The famous Roman Temple of Diana is a 5-minute walk away.
Roshchino Airport is located a 20-minute drive away.
Located in a garden 100 metres from Varia Beach, Limanaki Apartments offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi and balcony overlooking the garden.
Certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
The modern rooms are complete with a desk, satellite TV, and a minibar.
Guests enjoy an onsite bar and a terrace.
Tasteful, antique decorative elements are featured in the public interior areas, whilst each one of the bright guest rooms is fitted with fine furnishings and wooden floors.
The hotel is a 5-minute drive from Cua Da Beach and a 25-minute drive from Non Nuoc Beach and Marble Mountain.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
Lebenstedt Outdoor and Indoor Swimming Pool is a 10-minute walk away and the hotel has its own sun terrace.
Slavyanskiy Dvorik is situated in Anapa, 40 km from Novorossiysk and 12 km from Vityazevo.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning in Nigardsbreen Gjesteheim's breakfast room.
It is a 1.5-hr drive from Suvarnabhumi International Airport.
A fitness centre is available for guest use. A guest launderette is located on site.
Each room at this motel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Bangkok Hub is a 10-minute drive from Asiatique The Riverfront Mall.
Parking is available for free on site.
Waterfront Lobby Bar and Yacht Club Bar provide a variety of drinks and light snacks.
Hanoi Hotel is located a 10-minute walk from Hoan Kiem Lake.
Breakfast can be arranged to be served in the villa’s rooms.
Featuring a terrace, all units feature a seating and dining area.
The mall offers dining, shopping and entertainment options.
Surrounded by greenery, on the shore of Lake Pielinen, this Nurmes resort offers a lake-view restaurant and a wide variety of recreational facilities.
The small, hospitable hotel has 12 traditionally decorated rooms offer guests all modern comforts, including refrigerator and air conditioning.
Featuring a swimming pool and an à la carte restaurant serving international cuisine, Tia Maria Hotel is situated in the southern part of the Sunny Beach Resort, 250 metres from the beach and a 5-minute walk from the centre.
Decorated with wooden furniture, each room has a flat-screen TV and a telephone.
In the evening, let the restaurant spoil you with delicious dishes and enjoy an after-dinner drink at the lobby bar.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
There are spacious 1-3 bedroom bungalows with a private terrace.
Situated on the edge of Bomal-sur-Ourthe, in the midst of a beautiful park and near Durbuy, this holiday complex offers many recreational facilities.
Soesokkak is 6 km from M Stay Hotel, while Hueree Park is 10 km from the property. The nearest airport is Jeju International Airport, 45 km from the property.
Gulet Dilara-1 arrives back to Kas Yacht Marina.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or a drink at the bar.
The hotel also offers an airport shuttle service at an extra charge.
At Casa Contemporânea Gramado, an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
Public parking can be found within 50 metres.
The hotel’s à la carte restaurant serves local dishes, while you will also find a variety of restaurant in the surrounding area.
It is a modern, two-bedroom apartment with free Wi-Fi.
At RAMN Economy Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared kitchen.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 43 km from Apartamento Atrium Beach 4.
Beecraigs Country Park is nearby, as well as other family attractions.
Private bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
Comodo Helsinki East’s apartments are set within the districts of Kallio, Sörnäinen and Vallila. Metro, tram and bus stations are always close by.
Some units have a seating area where you can relax.
Ribadeo is 40 minutes’ drive, while Lugo is an hours’ drive away.
Ferienwohnung Sendlhof-Hartmannn is just 150 metres away from the stop of the free ski bus going to the Anglertal Ski Lift in Bad Hofgastein and offers you a fully equipped apartment with balcony, terrace and free Wi-Fi.
A fully equipped kitchen and a dining area are offered in each unit of these Chicoutimi apartments. Free Wi-Fi is provided in all areas.
Ski equipment hire is available on site.
Located in a peaceful area, B&B Casteldante offers rooms with free WiFi 2.5 km from Rovereto.
Currency exchange and car rental can be arranged.
Ataturk Airport is 16 km away.
Denia is an hour’s drive away along a mountain road, while Oliva is 45 minutes' drive away on a mountain road.
Guests may cook their own meals in the kitchen at their disposal.
Apartments Vasilije is located in Dobrota, 1.5 km from the centre of Kotor.
A 100-km network of cross-country ski runs and hiking paths is only 500 metres away, with free transfers available on request.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
Newport Centre Mall Shopping Center is 600 metres from Royal Suites at Newport, while Old Colony Plaza Shopping Center is 2 km away.
Snacks and drinks are available from the honesty bar.
The bathroom includes a bath or a shower.
Albenga is 8.5 km away.
The rooms are also furnished with a coffee maker and sofa bed.
The new Bistro Restaurant is also available for a relaxed and informal dining experience.
Each cosy bungalow has bright, functional décor and includes a kitchenette, bathroom, heating and a fan.
These elegant apartments enjoy an idyllic location on the island of Rügen, a 10-minute drive from the Baltic Sea resorts of Binz and Sellin.
OZz Hotel Kuta Bali enjoys a strategic location just a 10-minute stroll from the popular Kuta Beach.
The rustic-style rooms at the Belvedere come with satellite TV and a bathroom.
Free WiFi access is available.
Each has a private entrance and bathroom with free toiletries plus a hairdryer.
Free private, on-site parking is provided.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a seating area and a hairdryer.
Other facilities at Trofi Seliger 1 include a sauna.
Nestled in Seewald, right in the heart of the Black Forest, this 4-star hotel offers tastefully furnished rooms with free Wi-Fi internet access, a swimming pool and extensive spa facilities.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Sunrise Beach within 2 km and Kalamies Beach within 1 km. Larnaca International Airport is located 42 km away. The property is also 3 km from Konnos Beach and 3.5 km from National Forest Park Kavo Gkreko.
Ironing facilities and hair dryers are available on request.
At Villa Liv'n Curacao you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace.
Bed linens and towels are provided.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
They all have a kitchenette with a fridge and kitchenware, and a bathroom with a shower.
It boasts an outdoor pool, a restaurant and on-site parking facilities.
This apartment in Ishøj town centre is less than 2 km from the Bay of Køge and the Arken Museum of Modern Art.
Guests have free use of the fitness room and solarium, in addition to the swimming pool which is covered and heated in winter.
Hotel Esplanad is 200 metres from Mariehamn’s main street, Torggatan.
The hotel is at the foot of the Sierra de Aralar Nature Reserve.
Cocktails, snacks and drinks are presented at the pool and lobby bar.
This hotel is within 5 minutes' drive of downtown Bozeman and 3.5 miles from the Museum of the Rockies.
Simferopol Airport is 30 km from the property.
Situated 3.8 km from Krasnodar Expo in Krasnodar, Hostel Tepliy features free WiFi access and free private parking.
Kunshan Newport Hotel is ideally located in downtown Kunshan, a developing business city in the Yangtze River Delta.
Southampton is a 40-minute drive from the property.
This apartment has a sofa, washing machine, hairdryer and air conditioning.
It offers air-conditioned rooms and apartments featuring free WiFi.
Free WiFi is available in all areas and complimentary downtown scheduled bus service is available
Both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 100 metres of the property.
Featuring free WiFi, Guest House Liliya4 offers accommodation in Lazarevskoye, 400 metres from Aqua Park Nautilus.
The property is 20 minutes’ drive from Clarkesville city centre.
Cretan specialties and Greek dishes are served at the restaurant.
Free private parking is possible on site.
This air-conditioned apartment has a full kitchen, private bathroom facilities and a satellite TV.
Amusement Park is 1 km from Hotel Orkhideya, while Aqua Park Nautilus is 1.5 km from the property.
The historic centre of Antwerpen, including the Grote Markt, is less than half an hours’ walk away.
Other amenities include a 24-hour front desk and barbecue and laundry facilities.
The town centre of Side and Side Antique Theatre are 2 km from the hotel.
You can enjoy city and garden views from all of the rooms.
Parking on site is also free.
A seating area, dining area and a flat-screen TV feature in the brightly decorated living rooms of Europahuset Luxury Apartments.
Private bathrooms feature both a bathtub and shower.
Lux Barillerie-Old Nice is a 5-minute walk from the tram stop and 1.5 km from Nice Train Station.
The air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a satellite TV. Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Located 4 km from Portimão Train Station and 100 metres from Praia da Rocha Beach, Akisol Rocha Areia offers self-catering apartments with sea view and access to a seasonal shared outdoor pool.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and towels.
Guests can taste local specialities and classic Italian cuisine at the several cafes and restaurants in the immediate surroundings.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
An indoor hot tub is available to guests of the Smoky Mountains Inn and Suites Cherokee as well as a 24-our reception. Free parking is also possible on site.
Each of the studios and apartments includes air conditioning, a lounge area and fully-equipped kitchenette.
Three-Bedroom Holiday home in Lysekil 3 is a holiday home located in Lysekil in the Västra Götaland Region and is 3.7 km from Lysekil Bus Station.
Pousada Lestada is situated on the northern part of the peninsula Armação de Búzios offering panoramic views of dos Ossos Beach from the sun terrace.
The air-conditioned apartments at Dunes Hotel Apartments Oud Metha have modern décor in warm colours, and are equipped with stylish furniture.
Coffee/tea making facilities and a telephone are provided.
Fishing, hiking, cycling and canoeing are among the outdoor activities, offered at the hotel.
You can get tourist information at the Xinzo, which is 200 metres from the banks of the River Limia.
A fully equipped common kitchen and a garden are also at guest’s disposal.
At this property you will find a garden, a sun terrace and a patio.
Knysna is 20 minutes’ drive from the Wilderness.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Guests of the Porta Romana have access to a shared kitchen.
The centre of Cortona is 25 minutes away by car.
Trabzon Airport is 150 km away.
Laundry facilities are also offered to guests.
The Best Western is 2 miles from Quail Springs Mall.
Apartment4You Centrum 3 apartments are located throughout central Warsaw, close to Warsaw's largest park, Łazienki Park, and the Metro line.
The studios, apartments and rooms of Loukia feature tiled floors and wooden furniture.
The Gather Inn also has 2 bars.
Balti Jaam is within 4 km, and the shuttle bus station is 2 km away.
Pula Airport is 55 km from the property.
A sauna is offered in this 4-star hotel in Reinbek, a 25-minute drive from Hamburg city centre.
Rooms at the Kette are decorated with traditional wallpaper and fine fabrics.
The functional rooms have cable TV and a full bathroom with shower.
Free transfer service from El Sano Banano is provided on check-in and check-out days.
MGB Hotels offers a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property offers free parking on the plot.
Originally a country mansion, Les Rocquettes was built in 1765 on the outskirts of St Peter Port.
Fitted with marble flooring and a seating area, air-conditioned rooms feature cable TV and a fridge.
Grantley Adams Airport is 15 km away.
The hotel is equipped with an outdoor swimming pool and a 24-hour front desk.
They are tastefully decorated, some with carpet and others with parquet floors, and provide a small seating area.
Centrally located in Hamilton, Chloe's Motor Inn is close to restaurants and shops.
Every morning, guests will enjoy a hearty Cumbrian breakfast.
Room service is available.
The air-conditioned rooms at Turismo de Tábua have satellite TV and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Casa Enea offers accommodation at two different locations in San Giovannni Valdarno, 4 km from River Arno.
Enjoy the tranquility of the countryside in the three types of room that Solar de São Jacinto has to offer.
Surfers City Motel is only 400 metres from the nightlife of Cavill Mall.
Holy Mother Virgins Nativity Cathedral is 1.3 km from Guest House Gatenadze, while Dolphinarium is 1.4 km from the property.
Gran Paradiso's restaurant serves local and international recipes, with vegetarian and special dietary options.
There is free on-site parking.
Perfect for a seaside holiday, you are a 1-minute walk from the sandy beach and popular promenade, and bicycles are available to rent at the property.
Historical sites, such as Orlando’s Column or Onofrio’s Fountain, can be reached in just a short walk.
There also is a terrace.
Free WiFi is offered .
The hotel is 5.7 km from Side Antique City, 5.6 km from Side Museum and 5.7 km from Side Theatre.
You can relax in the sauna, or enjoy a meal in the barbecue area.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including diving and fishing.
The air-conditioned villa will provide you with a TV and a terrace.
The apartment has a kitchen and a dining area.
Other dining options at The Lovina include the Heliconia Restaurant and Pizzeria, and Beach Bar by the pool and beach.
The Stolzenberg’s traditional bar offers local beers and wines.
Just 25 metres from Makry Gialos Beach in Lasithi, Porfyra's Island offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi and spacious balconies overlooking the Libyan Sea and the mountain.
A free shuttle to Port Ghalib Marina is available.
Free private parking is possible on site and Kisauni Airport is 56 km away.
Split Airport is located 5 km away.
It serves French cuisine on its stylish patio.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
The nearby underground, bus and tram connections ensure quick access to all key destinations including the central railway station, trade fair and airport.
The nearest airport is William P. Hobby International Airport, 15 km away.
Hiking opportunities can be found at Goverla Mountain, 20 km away.
Guests benefit from a 20% discount on the greenfee costs.
The centre of Porto, Aliados Avenue, is 4.6 km away and is easily accessible by bus 24 hours a day.
Various restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance of Minoica Beach Apartments.
Offering accomodation in the heart of Flaine, Résidence CGH Le Centaure is only 3.7 km from Pierre Carrée Golf Club and close to shops and restaurants.
Sporting Hotel’s large rooms are all soundproofed and feature air conditioning, TV and a well-stocked minibar.
Some rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
24-hour reception is available at the Rodeway Inn Pasco.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
Appartement Arembault is a self-catering accommodation located in the centre of Lille, a 5-mintue walk from the train station and Grand Place.
The nearest airport is Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport, 21 km from Guesthouse Mieridian.
Arrowhead by Big Sky Vacation Rentals is a 1-hour drive from Yellowstone National Park, and Gallatin National Forest is 55 km from the holiday home.
The Olympic Stadium and Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square) can be reached in 6 minutes by metro.
Just 250 metres from the Circus Maximus, Vecchia Roma Resort is located in the historic centre of Rome.
Apartament Gdynia 50 is situated 1 km from Gdynia Główna Train Station and 800 metres from the sandy beach.
It takes 55 minutes to drive to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport.
Set in gardens, it offers a free Wi-Fi zone and free parking.
Staff at the tour desk can assist with airport shuttle and sightseeing bookings.
Dining options include indoor or outdoor in the gardens by the pool.
Laanta House is a 15-minute drive from Klong Mern Beach.
A continental breakfast consisting of homemade crepes, pastries and jams is prepared daily.
Free WiFi is available in public areas.
A fridge, microwave and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at the Knights Inn Bracebridge. Each room features simple décor and includes an alarm clock and hairdryer.
The unit is 43 km from Aberystwyth.
The nearest airport is Dubrovnik Airport, 18 km from the property.
The Quaich is a holiday home set in Lawers in the Tayside Region and is 45 km from Perth.
A daily breakfast is offered.
The Gerendás air-conditioned restaurant next to the hotel offers delicious local specialities including game dishes at reasonable rates and on weekends you can enjoy live music.
Mantova city centre is 15 minutes by car from Corte Capiluppia, while Suzzara is 20 km away.
Gyöngyi Apartman features a garden with barbecue facilities and apartments with balcony and free WiFi, a 20-minute walk from the Thermal Lake in Hévíz.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV. Complete with an oven, the kitchenette also has a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Hotel Belvedere provides a daily buffet breakfast that is served in the dining area or on the terrace with views of the old town and the sea.
Dubrovnik’s Old Town is only a 10-minute ride away with the local bus.
Arapongas Railroad Station is 2 km from the hotel, and the city of Londrina is 30 km away.
You can also explore the beautiful local landscape, including Salvador Dalí's home at Port Lligat.
All elegant, classic-style rooms come with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and a minibar.
Predeal and the Clabucet Ski Slope are 3 km from the hotel.
Spread out in a landscape garden, cosy bungalows at Pai Porpeang are furnished with wooden interiors.
Rooms have a private bathroom.
The property is located a 5-minute drive from the bus stations and from Atenas Central Park.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony with sea views.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
Fitted with tiled/parquet flooring, air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe, in-room safe, a minibar and a flat-screen TV with cable/satellite channels.
This charming hotel is situated on the wine route, in the heart of Alsace.
There is a dining area and a kitchen.
The apartment is 1 km from Louvre Museum.
Various shops and restaurants are located in the vicinity of Apartmány Tržiště.
The chef sources fresh local produce and guests can relax whilst enjoying a cocktail in the spacious lounge.
A fridge, an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
Some of the properties have sofa and a balcony.
Set in Saint Petersburg, FlatHome24 Studio at Ladozhsky vokzal offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi.
Situated 700 metres from Arena Civica in Milan, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony.
Hay for horses is sold on site.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for hiking.
Corfu Airport is at a distance of 1.5 km.
The kitchen features an oven and a microwave.
The P1 car park is 1 km away, and a free shuttle service to the hotel is available.
Breakfast and dinner are served.
Madison Square Garden is 899 metres from Distrikt Hotel.
Children can play in the garden, in the games room or on the children’s playground.
At Goodstay Nana Residence, guests can utilize the shared kitchen are to prepare hot meals and snacks.
Located 400 metres from Pitti Palace, Appartamento Campuccio 41 offers accommodation in Florence. The unit is 700 metres from Ponte Vecchio.
A full-service business center is on site.
Each room at the Secaiza has heating and parquet floors, as well as a wardrobe and a private bathroom with bath and free toiletries.
Fitted with a balcony, each room will provide you with a seating area, a flat-screen TV and a minibar.
With the metro and bus station just around the corner, connections to the rest of the city and more distant attractions are easily arranged.
Guests can book a shuttle service to/from Framura Train Station, where you will find direct links to Genoa and La Spezia.
Located 5 miles form Wells State Park, this motel boasts free WiFi access and a daily free continental breakfast. Old Sturbridge Village is 5 minutes’ drive away.
Other facilities offered at Space ben Guest house include a shared lounge. Drivers enjoy free parking.
The en suite bathroom features a bath, a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
The Crashboat beach can also be reached within a 5 minutes’ drive.
The city of Almería is around an hour’s drive away from the Picachico. Mini Hollywood, the filming site of many spaghetti Westerns, is also about 60 minutes’ drive away.
At One-Bedroom Villa in Moraira you will find a bar.
Tekirdağ Çorlu Airport is a 40-minute drive from the hotel.
They feature a well-equipped kitchenette, a separate bedroom and en-suite bathroom.
A sweet Italian breakfast is served in the breakfast room, on the shared patio, or in your room.
It is 1.3 km to the Lithuanian National Opera and Ballet Theatre and Museum of Genocide.
Nuova Mestre features a storage space for bicycles, a meeting room for a maximum of 20 persons, a reading room, and a TV room.
Housed in Liangmahe Towers, Beijing Landmark Towers Apartment is located only steps away from the embassy district.
Some feature a patio, kitchenette and seating area.
The property provides free parking.
Thessaloniki City is 70 km away.
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
Two bathrooms include a shower each.
Salvador Dali’s House is 1.3 km away.
Guests can enjoy free use of all public buses in the Saas Valley.
The guest house also offers bike hire and car hire.
Dry cleaning and laundry services are available.
There is also a comfortable lounge bar, offering beverages and evening meals throughout the week, except Sundays.
Apartments DOMANT Romanova 60/1 also includes a children's playground.
Located in the historic centre of Salerno, San Pietro A Corte B&B is 200 metres from the seafront and around 1 km from the harbour.
Wi-Fi internet is also available.
Hanoi Golden Plaza provides facilities and services such as luggage storage, currency exchange, and free parking, and free Wi-Fi internet access throughout the building.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 12 km from the property.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Including free parking spaces, the Donà Wingut comprises Alpine-style apartments with parquet floors, a modern bathroom with bath or shower and kitchenette. Each comes with a flat-screen TV and a seating area with sofa bed.
The air-conditioned rooms are equipped with internet access, a satellite TV. A private terrace offers views of the ocean or forest.
Located in Olševek, 4 km from the centre of Preddvor, Guest House Mubi offers simply furnished rooms with a free Wi-Fi access.
Simferopol Airport is 62 km away.
There is a living space with a sofa set, fireplace, flat-screen TV, CD player, and dining table, while the kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave, coffee machine, and toaster.
Aktion Airport is at 25 km.
Varese Train Station, located 100 metres away, offers connections with Milan where the Expo 2015 takes place.
The main restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner in open buffet style.
Offering an outdoor pool and terrace, RedDoorz Plus @ Ronta Poppies Legian is set in Kuta, 600 metres from Kuta Beach. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The property offers free parking.
Flat 51 offers accommodation in Rome.
Guests have access to a basketball court as well.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
There are 3.5 bathrooms, including 1 with a spa bath.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
Andaman Dee Hotel is a 10-minute walk from the Night Bazaar and a 20-minute drive from Krabi Airport.
Apart Hotel Alto de los Cerros has bright, air-conditioned apartments with simple décor, wood furnishings and full kitchen facilities.
Located 2.1 km from Saint Basil's Cathedral, Business apartment Central offers pet-friendly accommodation in Moscow.
A tour desk is provided for guests’ convenience.
All rooms feature a fan, an en-suite bathroom and cable TV.
Gai Rossignol is situated in the Sint-Jans-Molenbeek / Molenbeek-Saint-Jean district in Brussels, 3.7 km from Manneken Pis and 3.8 km from Brussels City Hall.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The modern rooms and dormitories at Mary Gold Hotel have a TV and hairdryer, and either a private or shared bathroom.
The nearest airport is San Carlos De Bariloche Airport, 29 km from Cocos Cura Cabañas.
The Onda Blu's restaurant and pizzeria overlooks the lake.
Guests can have their meals at the on-site restaurant, which serves local specialities and Chinese dishes.
Each has 2 bathrooms and the kitchen and dining area includes a fridge, microwave and kettle.
Extras include a washing machine, bed linen and ironing facilities.
Baan Kukiang At Hua Hin is located only 500 metres from Khao Takiap and 800 metres from Cicada Market Hau Hin.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Guests are welcome to dine in the cafes and restaurants nearby.
It also includes access to bathroom with a walk-in shower and heated towel rail.
Guests can enjoy the property's garden with sessions of yoga or reiki, provided by the staff itself.
The King Aragon Steps down to the beach are 1.6 km from the property while Spérone Golf Course is 7 km away.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
Set on the eastern outskirts of the Black Forest, this hotel is just 800 metres from Südwest Messe Exhibition Centre.
The bus station is 200 metres and shuttles to Pichoy Airport, 35 km away, can be arranged for a fee.
Nearest grocery store, as well as restaurants, cafes and beach bars, can all be found 80 metres away.
Each of the Caravaggio's air-conditioned rooms features an en suite bathroom and flat-screen satellite TV. Some overlook the hotel's private and shaded garden.
The Roman-Germanic Museum and the Cologne Philharmonic Hall are just a 5-minute walk away.
Situated in Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi, City View Sepang KLIA offers modern and comfortable accommodation with free WiFi access in the entire property.
Kanz Erremal is located in the heart of the desert itself, immersed in the fascinating landscape of the dunes of Erg Chebbi, in the south-east of Morocco.
The air-conditioned rooms at the Marte come with marble floors.
Traditionally styled with light colors, the rooms also include a coffee maker and an alarm clock.
It features panoramic views of the Sea of Galilee and Golan Heights.
Situated along the peaceful Huong River, Tulip Hotel features well-appointed guestrooms equipped with large windows and cooled with air conditioning.
There is a shared kitchen, a shared lounge, concierge service and gift shop at the property.
Amber Hotell’s rooms feature a fridge, a minibar and a private bathroom with shower.
Each features a flat-screen TV, a safety deposit box and a wardrobe.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Boasting floor-to-ceiling windows with scenic views, hearty Chinese and Western meals can be enjoyed at the restaurants.
Situated in the heart of Flanders, Johan’s Lodge offers uniquely themed rooms with free Wi-Fi and views of the rural surroundings.
Also upon request and at an additional charge, traditional meals can be arranged.
The Cilento and Valle di Diano National Park is less than 30 km from the Bouganville.
Due to the central location, many city sights are within a walking distance; the National Museum can be visited 500 metres from the apartments, the Old Town Square with the Prague Astronomical Clock is 1.3 km away and the Prague Castle is 3.7 km off.
The apartment features a charming garden, a balcony and free Wi-Fi.
The Alpine-style apartments come with carpeted floors and comprise 2 bedrooms, a bathroom with shower and toilet, and an eat-in kitchen with a dining area and a sofa.
Rooms at the Alamo Inn Motel include modern furnishings and cable TV. Each room is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
Featuring an extensive garden with outdoor furniture, a swimming pool and children’s playground, Hotel Posada Koniapan is located 50 metres from the Catemaco Lake shores and 3 km from the city centre.
Lugano Centre Room offers accommodation in Lugano.
Echo Beach is 3.7 km from Villa Leon.
Appartamenti Museo is located in Verona’s centre, around a 10-minute walk from Verona Arena and the city’s cathedral.
Car rental and laundry services are available.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
It consists of 3 bedrooms and a seating area with TV and DVD player. There is also a private bathroom, a washing machine and tumble drier as well as a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a terrace.
There is also a News Bar and a Coffee House for a large choice of drinks, snacks, pastry and tapas.
Offering parquet floor, the apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen with oven, stove and microwave, a living room with floor-to-ceiling windows and flat-screen TV and a bathroom fitted with shower and hairdryer.
Offering an outdoor pool, Tony's Place Ayutthaya is located in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Set in Budapest, Winston Wolf's - Parlament offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi.
A bus stop is 100 metres away, while Primorskaya Metro Station is 2 km from the hotel.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Guests can enjoy a massage or just relax at the sauna.
Guests can enjoy the beautiful mountain view from the room.
Featuring 3 bedrooms, Apartamento Cantagalo is a self-catering accommodation located in Rio de Janeiro, right in front Cantagalo Metro Station.
Carlos V hotel is located in Granada's historic city centre, only 2 minutes' walk from the popular tapas bars of Navas Street and 400 metres from the Cathedral.
It features a furnished garden with BBQ facilities and a balcony.
In the evening, savour the delicious Mediterranean cuisine on offer in the beautifully rustic surroundings of the restaurant. Willa Różana’s fine selection of wine provides the perfect accompaniment to your meal.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
Each room features a balcony with splendid views.
Restaurants, bars and cafés can be found in the centre of Playa de las Américas and around Los Cristianos’ marina, 2 km away.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Nafplion’s charming Old Town is 700 metres away.
At Cleopatra City you will find a sauna and a garden.
Hotel Río Piscina is a 5-minute drive from central Priego de Córdoba.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
Guests at the Algonquin Hotel Times Square can dine at Round Table, which features retro American cuisine.
Located between Le Trocadero and L’Arc de Triomphe, this sumptuous and one of a kind hotel is a temple to luxury in Neo Classical style, the popular choice of the international press.
Guests can enjoy the property's large terrace and solarium.
The Cochin International Airport is 45 km.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout, and is set a 10-minute drive from Gubbio.
Hostal Poncebos also has a vending machine for drinks.
A 5-minute walk from the beautiful Karon Beach, Pineapple Guesthouse offers air-conditioned accommodation with cable TV.
The University of North Carolina at Charlotte and Lowe's Motor Speedway are only minutes from this Charlotte, North Carolina hotel that features an outdoor pool and an on-site restaurant.
The rooms have their own private bathroom, fitted with a bathtub or a shower.
Towels are provided.
A small selection of shops, cafés and bars can be found in Durro and in Barruera, just over 1 km away.
The city centre of Brussels can be reached within 20-minute drive.
Set amidst a blossomed garden, Maria Anastasia Studios is located in Trapezaki area of Kefalonia, within 500 metres from the sandy beach.
Reflections of Port Douglas is surrounded by the shops and restaurants on Macrossan Street.
Each has a terrace with a sofa, table and views of Salou.
There is also free Wi-Fi access available to all guests.
Located in a quiet area, the property is 10 minutes’ drive from the coast and 35 minutes’ drive from Teide National Park.
Some rooms have a balcony or an iron bed.
Guests can start their day with a freshly prepared breakfast.
It offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi and free private parking. A garden with barbecue facilities is available.
A self-contained villa with a swimming pool is also available, and located just 1km from Nikao Beach Bungalows.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Fishing is popular in the Omme River, 500 metres away.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including shopping in 3 km, restaurant in 2.5 km and the shore in 4 km.
West London Holidays is a self-catering accommodation located in London.
Legionów Train Station is 4 km away.
The nearest bus stop is located in Uue-Antsla, 2.8 km away.
Featuring a shower, the shared bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
They come with a kitchen or kitchenette with a hob and coffee maker.
The private bathroom has a bath, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Santa Maria Novella Station is 350 metres from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or enjoy a drink at one of the bars.
The nearest airport is Central Airport, 8 km from the property.
Situated in Mojdež, 5 km from the centre of Herceg Novi, Apartments Moj Mir offers an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by sun loungers. Set in a peaceful area, it also offers free parking and a garden with a barbecue.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a tour desk and luggage storage.
This guest house offers single double, twin, triple and familiy rooms equipped with a wardrobe.
The Q Village - Poleg Beach is 200 metres from the Poleg beach in Netanya.
Free WiFi access is available. Guests can enjoy a patio with views of the Black Hills.
All Minto’s suites and studios are air-conditioned.
Free public parking is provided by Residence Inn Spokane East Valley.
Vaclav Havel Prague Airport is located 12 km away.
Scenically located beside the Lahn River, Landhotel Zum Bären is set in an historic building and offers a terrace, garden and free WiFi. A wine tavern and library can also be found on site.
The guesthouse has vending machines, selling drinks and snacks.
Located in San José del Cabo, this air-conditioned apartment is 1.3 km from San Jose Estuary.
Meals can also be served in private with room service.
With some rooms featuring a bathtub, the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided across the hotel.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and a vending machine.
Each guest room includes a flat-screen cable TV.
The nearest airport is Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport, 3 km from this apartment.
Featuring a garden with outdoor furniture and BBQ facilities, Guest House Kristina offers rooms with air conditioning and heating.
A laundry room with ironing board, a café and free Wi-Fi in the lobby are also available.
El Dorado International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
A tennis table is also available on site.
The rooms have a private bathroom.
Orbitur Sitava Milfontes’ accommodations include a living/dining room and a kitchenette.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
Outdoors guests have access to a terrace and a deck with sun loungers.
The Miami Beach Convention Center is within a 2-minute drive of the hotel.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
Packed lunches can also be requested.
Guests can relax in the yard, which includes a seating area.
Each with a kitchenette, all units at Erietta is fitted with wooden floors and beamed ceilings.
All bright rooms provide a private bathroom and a TV. Some also have balconies with views of the impressive Jungfrau Massif.
Rooms and suites feature elegant parquet floors, air conditioning, and a flat-screen satellite TV. Free Wi-Fi is available in all rooms, and internet terminals are available in the lobby.
Certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
Massages and beauty treatments are also available.
Suites at Bearspaw Inn Houston offer a living area, private entrance and patio.
The hotel offers a daily breakfast buffet.
Guests can enjoy Thai and western dishes at Tropicana Restaurant.
Surrounded by tropical greenery, air-conditioned rooms feature wood flooring and a seating area.
This Hampton Inn and Suites is 6 minutes from Angushire Golf Course and Crossroads Shopping Center is 3 minutes away.
The Hotel Grand Del Parco offers a large buffet breakfast. Room service is also available.
Located 4 km from the centre of Novi Ligure, Cascina Giacometta offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Armenian Opera and Ballet Theatre is 2.3 km from Apartment On Komitas 62, while Republic Square is 3.3 km from the property.
At Rekawa kandu guest house you will find a garden and shared kitchen.
You can prepare your meals here, and enjoy them in the dining area.
Horse riding can be organised by the hotel, while children can spend their time in the garden features a playground.
A cross-country ski slope (illuminated during the night) is available in front of the property.
A 24-hour reception is on site at the Jonesboro Southside Inn for added convenience as well as vending machines for snacks and drinks. Free parking is possible on site at this pet-friendly hotel.
Featuring a shared lounge, B&B Il Satiro is located 400 metres from the port in Porto Torres.
Wi-Fi is free in public areas.
At Hoa Chinh Hotel, guests can rent a bicycle/car to explore the vicinity, while the tour desk can assist with ticketing and sightseeing arrangements.
Featuring towels, private bathrooms also come with linen.
There are also many hiking and cycling tracks beginning in the garden and Rede Golf Course is only a 10-minute drive away.
The property offers free private parking.
Spiti tis Phanous is 500 metres from a super market and 3 km from a restaurant.
Located in the heart of Coyoacán, one of the most emblematic districts in Mexico City, Pug Seal Boutique B&B Coyoacan offers bicycles on loan and free WiFi access throughout.
A seating area and an en suite bathroom are included in the bungalows.
Located in Honfleur, Aux Fontaines is 20 metres from a bus station and a supermarket.
Located in Bagnols-sur-Cèze, Hôtel Des Sports offers air-conditioned accommodation with an on-site bar with a terrace. Free Wi-Fi access is provided throughout the hotel.
There is free parking on site.
For an indulgent experience, head to the Anantara spa for Ayurvedic remedies, massages and a variety of body treatments.
Tickets are available at the front desk for the Monterey Bay Aquarium.
Located in the centre of Pula, Guesthouse Zona is only 500 metres away from the famous Roman Amphitheatre.
In the summer time, guests can enjoy sunbathing and swimming in a big artificial lake in the town Jablonec nad Nisou.
Free parking is provided by Ferienwohnung im Hanfgarten.
The A3 motorway can be reached in 6 minutes, and free private parking is available at Landhotel Fernblick.
Free WiFi is provided.
This villa with free Wi-Fi and air conditioning offers outdoor seating and dining areas and a living room with a TV. There is also a kitchen, complete with an oven, washing machine, and dishwasher.
The property can help guests arrange activities like snorkelling and fishing.
Moskovsky Train Station is 7 km from the property.
HomeRez - Apartment Résidence Le Galion offers accommodation in Dinard.
Maria do Mar offers a communal TV room with cable channels, as well as an outdoor kiosk and a shared area with a microwave and an oven.
Ajaccio – Napoléon Bonaparte Airport is located 19 km away.
Hotel San Giuseppe provides free parking and is a 10-minute drive from Como and Chiasso.
Featuring an outdoor hot tub, it offers self-catering accommodation with a fireplace.
A variety of restaurants are located within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Breakfast can be arranged upon a prior request and for a surcharge.
The property offers entertainment staff, meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
Palau de la Música Concert Hall and Las Ramblas are both within a 5-minute walk from the Urquinaona apartments, or 20 minutes from the Provença apartment.
The air-conditioned villa will provide you with air conditioning, dining area and a living room.
Every unit features a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Free private parking is available on site.
Coffee service is provided around the clock.
The hotel is 12 km from Ribeirão Preto Airport, 5 km away Ribeirão Preto Shoppoing Centre and 200 metres from Santa Ursula Shopping Centre.
All guest bedrooms at Pension Mellis Cluj Napoca are equipped with cable TV and a telephone.
It offers an à la carte restaurant, 24-hour reception and rooms with free internet access and flat-screen TV.
On request, freshly baked bread rolls are delivered to the door every morning.
There is a shared kitchen and a shared lounge area at the property.
A microwave and refrigerator are provided in all rooms at the Americas Best Value Inn Longmont. Each room features simple décor and includes a seating area.
There is a wide choice of restaurants in the area for lunch and dinner.
There is luggage storage space at the property.
Some units have a seating area where you can relax. A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Fasol Hostel features free WiFi throughout the property.
Each room includes a private bathroom.
Guests visiting the Europapark can buy tickets directly in the guest house.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Situated in Adler in the Krasnodar Krai Region, 900 metres from Sochi Discovery World Aquarium, Alina Guest House boasts a children's playground and views of the garden.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property offers free private parking on site.
Rooms and apartments at the Majestic come with a satellite flat-screen TV and carpeted or parquet floors.
Bed linen is available.
All have a private bathroom with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
The property is 700 metres from Amphitheatre.
The en suite rooms of the Villnerhof come with carpeted or parquet floors and light-wood furniture.
Each unit features a large flat-screen cable TV, desk and a USB device with a musical playlist in line with the room's theme.
The room offers free Wi-Fi, a seating area and coffee and tea facilities.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
The private bathrooms have a shower.
Each room has a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
Shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute drive in Puerto Vallarta, while Puerto Vallarta International Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Courtyard Miami Downtown is 6 miles away from Art Deco Historic District.
Also on offer are a free newspaper, free parking and a guest laundry.
The spacious living areas are equipped with state-of-the-art entertainment systems.
The nearest airport is Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport, 3 km from the property.
Other facilities at Quad House 2921 include an outdoor pool.
Featuring a tranquil environment, the rooms in Luz y Fuerza feature private bathroom facilities and a cable TV.
Crnl. FAP Carlos Ciriani Santa Rosa International Airport is 5 km away.
After a busy day of sightseeing or meetings, guests can relax in Windsor’s popular Barrel Bar.
A variety of dining options and supermarkets can be found within a 10-minute walk from Apartment Khavskaya.
All the rooms of the Hermes Hotel have Aegean Sea views.
Phuket International Airport is 29 km away.
Terminal 2 Subway Station (Airport Line) is 800 metres from the property, while the China International Exhibition Centre is a 5-minute drive away.
The apartments at Les Jardins d' Harmonia feature spacious terraces with mountain-views and all the necessary equipment for a fine holiday in the Catalan region.
You will find luggage storage space at the property.
Each air-conditioned room comes with a wardrobe, a sofa and a private bathroom with a bath or a shower plus free toiletries and a bidet.
Thomas Bay on Malta Island, Corsaire offers apartments with free Wi-Fi and a dishwasher.
Riva del Garda is a 20-minute drive from Simona Appartamento, while Folgaria Ski Area is 60 km away.
Room service is available only for limited hours.
Baan Suay 12 is 600 metre from The Plaza Surin and 1.1 km from Bang Tao Temple.
The rooms and suites at Taxim Unique Residence come with a flat-screen TV.
Apartments feature a balcony with outdoor seating, simple décor and tile floors.
Free WiFi is available on site.
This Louisiana motel is located 4 miles from Lake Charles in the Calcasieu Parish.
Free private parking is available on site.
Located right in London's city centre, 4 Bedroom Westminster offers a self-catering townhouse with free WiFi access throughout 400 metres from Westminster Abbey and 600 metres from the Houses of Parliament.
Located in Paris, Hotel Le Meditel is 43 metres from Pasteur Metro Station, which leads directly to the Eiffel Tower.
A flat-screen TV, a dining area and a seating area are further amenities.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Wadi Gnai is a 20-minute drive from Dahab, and is perfect for rock climbing.
Apartments Soleil Playa 5 offers accommodation in Tossa de Mar, 700 metres from Tossa de Mar Castle.
Located in Encamp, PC Apartaments Picasso features a balcony with street views. The property is 2 km from Funicamp.
Hostal Sant Pau offers accommodation in Barcelona close to Hospital de Sant Pau.
Located in Villefranche-sur-Mer, Petit Coin de Paradis Entre Nice et Monaco is set within a flowered park and offers an outdoor swimming pool with panoramic views.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 16 km from the property.
The water is 100 m away.
Free WiFi access is available.
At Flat Carvalho Nelson you will find a garden.
They have a TV and fridge. The private bathrooms offer a shower and free toiletries.
Free WiFi is available throughout this property.
It features a lush garden with barbecue facilities and a shared terrace for all guests.
Secundrabad Railway Station is 15 km and Rajiv Gandhi International Airport is 28 km away.
All rooms are equipped with a TV.
Centre of the nearest village Ražanj is 1.5 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Offering a sauna and fitness centre, Apartamentos Gaira is set in Bucaramanga in the Santander Region, 31 km from Cañon del Chicamocha.
Each room at this property is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
In the evening, the hosts can also prepare their speciality seafood platters if you reserve in advance.
Pardubice is 12 km away.
The extension has been added to the original farm building, keeping the traditional design.
In the spacious garden there are olive trees and various terraces and seating areas, as well as a barbecue.
Luggage storage and surcharged airport shuttle service are provided as well.
Guests can sample a-la-carte breakfast and later enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant serving local, Mediterranean and international cuisine.
The classic-style rooms feature a fan, seating area and flat-screen TV.
Fine Arts Museum is 300 metres from The Place.
The bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
A breakfast buffet including fresh fruit and pastries is served daily.
A cable TV is offered in all units at Kenosee Inn & Cabins. A refrigerator, a coffee maker and an en suite bathroom are included.
There are also rooms available for disabled guests.
Guests can benefit from free, covered parking facilities.
Each apartment has a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave. All are located around a communal patio.
Ubeda is 38 km from Cortijos El Encinar and you can reach Baeza in 40 minutes by car.
Facilities such as ski storage are offered at the property.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 37 km away.
You can play tennis nearby the property, where a sport centre with swimming pool and a beach is located.
The Hotel Zlaty Sloup is situated in the heart of Karlovy Vary by the Tepla river, a few steps from the famous Colonnade with the thermal springs.
Comiso Airport is 80 km away.
The Penzion Krumlov - B&B Hotel features storage facilities for motorcycles and bicycles.
Reihue Apart is 1 km from Plottier bus terminal station and 60 km from El Chocon.
The kitchen features a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop and there is a private bathroom.
Galeão/ Antonio Carlos Jobim International Airport is located 20 km away.
Business Hotel is situated in popular District One, a 10-minute walk from the City Theater and Ben Thanh Market.
Crown Hotel is a 30-minute drive to Rajapolah which is known for its handicrafts. Cipanas Galunggung Hotspring is a 45-minute drive away, while Husein Sastranegara International Airport is a 3-hour drive away.
Nouveau Siecle Convention Centre and Grand Palais Convention Centre are both 1 km away.
Free parking is offered at Port O Pierre Port Renfrew.
A sauna, a lawn bowls playing area and free private parking are provided on site.
The Königsallee shopping street is just a 10-minute drive away.
Hotel Coolhouse is a 40-minute drive from Cicada Market.
The ancient city of Olympos is a 30-minute drive from Adrasan Hotel, and the ancient city of Limyra is a 1-hour drive away.
Soyembika Tower is 3.5 km from the property.
Every morning a buffet breakfast including eggs, bacon, cold cuts, cheese, fresh fruit and sweet options is served.
The modern, creative restaurant uses local organic ingredients.
Bentota is 21 km from R Degrees, while Galle is 30 km away.
The local restaurant serves a variety of cuisines, including Thai, Chinese, Indian and Japanese.
It offers apartments just 10 minutes’ drive from the nearest beach.
Views of the sea, pool or garden are featured in certain rooms.
Bois Joli guests are invited to enjoy the nearby casino or local activities such as mushroom picking, horse riding and golf.
Offering a seasonal outdoor pool and children's playground, Chambres D'Hôtes Domaine De La Brette is located in Condom, 31 km from Agen.
Free private parking is available in the yard.
The hotel also has a tour desk, where guests can book trips to the Great Barrier Reef.
Guests at the hotel can relax in the sauna.
Guests can relax in the garden compete with BBQ facilities.
It offers 24-hour reception and heated, air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
24-hour room service is also available.
Arezzo is 30 km away.
Grosseto is 21 km from the Scogliera.
Located about 5 minutes drive from Mombasa Bamburi air strip, Mei Place Apartments offers self-catering apartments and a rooftop swimming pool with sun terrace. Free Wi-Fi and on-site parking are available.
iCheck inn Residences Sathorn is 7 km from Khao San Road, 3 km from Patpong and 7 km from Grand Palace.
Breakfast is served every morning.
It houses a tennis court, and accommodation with free internet access.
Featuring an outdoor pool and a beach, Sauce Hotel is located in the centre of Kemer.
The open-plan kitchen is equipped with an oven, gas hob, coffee machine and kitchenware.
Apartment on Suvorova 42 offers pet-friendly accommodation in Kolomna, 3.8 km from Kolomna Museum of Pastila.
You can enjoy mountain view view from the house.
Surrounded by the High Tatras National Park and set by a lake between the Mengusovce and Svit towns, Chata Stella offers a self-catered accommodation with free WiFi available in all areas.
The UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Úbeda and Baeza are also within a hour’s drive of the property.
The air-conditioned rooms at Providence provide views of the countryside.
Free WiFi access is available.
Staff can also facilitate laundry and ironing services upon request.
All units have a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Vila Cristalfrost features a dining area where guests can enjoy their breakfast every day.
Offering a terrace and ski storage space, Haus Dawinspitzblick is set in Pians.
You can enjoy a sea and a pool view.
A continental breakfast buffet is served daily in the breakfast room or in the bedroom upon request.
Appartement sur La Route des Vins is a self-catering apartment in Cernay on the Alsace Wine Route, just 17 km from Mulhouse.
The bar offers a selection of soft drinks and Moravian wine.
A 5-minute walk from Sairee Beach, Sairee Seaview Hotel Koh Tao offers simply furnished accommodation with en suite bathrooms.
All the apartments of In The City offer a living room with a sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with towels and toiletries.
Iguaçu Waterfalls National Park is 22 km from this property, while both Foz do Iguaçu Airport and Bus Station are within 20 km .
Conwy Castle is just 16 miles away.
Corso Vannucci is 2.2 km from La Casa degli Elefanti, while Piazza IV Novembre is 2.2 km away.
Apartments at Molens Goethals have private bathrooms.
The 2-bedroom apartments at Beach Place hotel provide a full kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, oven and kitchenware.
Offering a restaurant, free breakfast and dinner, and free private parking, Finca Guadalupe is located 15 minutes’ drive from San Cristóbal Airport and 15 minutes’ walk from Playa La Honda Beach.
The adults-only resort features the famous Champneys Spa, with a grand swimming pool, spa pools and steam rooms.
A washing machine and private bathroom with a hairdryer is also included.
Visit the famous Greek theatre, the Roman villa and the Sanctuary of the Black Virgin. Other renowned destinations such as Capo Calavà, Milazzo, Taormina, Mount Etna and Cefalù, as well as the Aeolian Islands, can be reached either independently or by tours organized by the hotel.
Free parking is available and guests can also request to have a late check-out.
Certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Each has a satellite TV and a kitchenette with cooking hobs and a dining table, while some include a living room.
Desenzano del Garda and Peschiera del Garda can be reached in 15 minutes by car, while Sirmione is 5 km away.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 15-minute walk of the hostel.
Brunico can be reached in 10 minutes by car. The Plan de Corones ski slopes are 2 km from the farm.
Room service is available.
Towels and linen are provided.
Oludeniz Suite Hotel also includes a seasonal outdoor pool. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
It offers room service and free Wi-Fi.
Bravo Lake is 10 km away. Sequoia National Park is 25 minutes’ drive to Plantation Bed & Breakfast.
Decorated with traditional artefacts, the stylish studios and apartments feature a functional kitchen and small dining table.
The hotel is 800 metres from Gare de l'Est Metro Station, 1 km from Gare du Nord and 1.3 km from Place de la République.
The motorway to Portugal is about 20 minutes’ drive from the camp ground.
This holiday home is 75km from Billund Airport.
A wide variety of drinks can be enjoyed in the bar.
The nearest airport is Krakow - Balice Airport, 35 km from Modern apartment Stella 2.
Guests can find various bars and clubs in the centre of Himara.
Thongsala Walking Street is 1.5 km from First and Frang Hotel, while Thongsala Pier is 1.6 km away.
You can sunbathe on the terrace or enjoy a drink at the bar.
Krabi Airport is a 30-minute drive from the property.
All rooms come with a wardrobe and a desk.
Louvre Museum is 700 metres away.
The apartment is 3.6 km from MSW Hospital i Gdańsk.
A full English breakfast is served in the dining room on request.
Other restaurants and stores can be found within walking distance of Hotel Limited-co.
It takes 15 minutes by car to reach Luotung Railway Station.
Additionally there are bicycle and car rental services available for those willing to explore the city.
Mendoza Airport is 90 km away.
This 3-star Superior hotel in Chemnitz offers a panoramic restaurant and direct access to the Stadthalle congress centre.
There is a 24-hour front desk and fitness centre at the property, as well as a spa.
The nearest airport is Marseille Provence Airport, 21 km from the property.
The rooms also have flat-screen satellite TV, small fridge and bathroom with shower.
Breakfast can also be served in the room upon request.
Pattaya Floating Market is 4 km from Villa Navin Residence, while Mimosa Pattaya is 7 km away.
Every morning, guests can enjoy a full English breakfast in Pelagus House’s breakfast room.
Free WiFi access is available in the guest rooms.
Free private parking is available on site.
The centre of Neustift im Stubaital is 1.5 km away and the Freizeitzentrum Neustift indoor and outdoor pool is 600 metres away.
Each also includes a private bathroom with a bath or a shower.
This hotel is located in the village of Pargolovo, 700 metres from the Shuvalovsky Park.
Modern shared bathroom facilities are available for guests’ use.
Sozopol’s Old Town is 700 metres away.
The hotel features a full service business centre for professional needs.
Stortorget Square is 70 metres away.
It offers open-plan studios with elegant décor and modern bathrooms.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
They both have a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The coast of the South Iceland is only a 5-minute walk away.
A gym and business center make up part of the facilities at this Guadalajara Hotel Puerta del Sol.
Studios and apartments feature terracotta floors, a fully equipped kitchenette with fridge, and a TV with satellite channels.
Step out, you may find a variety of local restaurants in the surrounding area.
Keep in shape on holiday with a trip to the fitness centre, or de-stress in the hotel steam room.
Each features an open-plan kitchen with seating and dining area, fridge, washing machine and electric oven with cooking hobs.
The elegantly decorated apartments offer scenic views of Baden-Baden and the Black Forest as well as free WiFi.
Condominio Privado Mantagua offers guests access to the communal sauna and fitness centre at a surcharge. .
A work desk is furnished in each room at Scottish Inns Weatherford.
The apartment is located on the ground floor.
Standing on the hillsides of Kata, this tranquil resort offers warm service and enjoys panoramic views of Phuket’s Kata Beach, which is just 5 to 10 minutes’ walk away.
Free WiFi is available in the reception area.
Free on-site car parking is available.
Each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Information on day trips and local attractions are available at the tour desk.
Guests can prepare their meals in a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
With air conditioning, the apartment comes with a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen TV. It has an equipped kitchen and a washing machine is available, as well.
In gardens and mature woodland, 4-star Hunters Quay Hotel is a beautifully restored Victorian villa, with free Wi-Fi.
Pinto Martins Airport is 49 km away.
Hotel Thi Thao Gardenia is a 10-minute walk from Dalat Market.
Located in Miramar, Villa la Boquita offers an outdoor swimming pool and a private beach area. This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Wenceslas Square is 700 meters from the property, while Charles Bridge is 1 km away.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
The property has water sports facilities and bike hire is available.
Apartamenty Pod Aniołami is situated in the centre of Kraków, just 450 metres from the Main Market Square.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Hannover is 12 km from ibis budget Hannover Garbsen.
Hostal Cristina is 150 metres from the beach in Chipiona, on the Costa de la Luz.
Situated 400 metres from Eagle Bahn Gondola -19 and 700 metres from Adventure Ridge, Ritz Carlton Residence Vail offers accommodation in Vail. The unit is 1.2 km from Pride Express -26.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
The spa features a sauna and hot tub, and offers a range of treatments including massage.
A private bathroom provides a shower.
Located a 10-minute walk away from the beach, Surf Town Morocco features a view of the sea, a surf school and air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The guesthouse is a 3-minute walk from Pattaya Hospital.
Guests can enjoy food and drink on site at the restaurant and bar.
The area offers good hiking and biking possibilities.
Direct trains run to Munich Main Station in 5 minutes.
All apartment feature a living area with a flat-screen satellite TV and a DVD player. as well as a kitchen with a dining area.
A range of massages are available.
Overlooking Poetto Beach, Hotel Nautilus is located in Cagliari.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV, work desk and a stylish bathroom.
You can engage in various activities, such as skiing and hiking.
Boat rental is also available.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
The shopping street of Via Candia is 600 metres from the property.
After a dip in the whirlpool, guests can enjoy a salad or pasta besides a charming indoor fountain and lots of plants.
It also features and on-site restaurant.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
We are situated in a pleasant and lovely village with all facilities near by (grocer’s, butcher’s, casino, news stand, tobacconist’s, chemist’s and doctor).
Local cuisine can be enjoyed at the on-site Twelve Time Restaurant.
Zagreb Airport is located 12 km away.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
At this altitude there are no mosquitoes or snakes, the air is fresh and pleasant.
There is also a dining area and garden views.
Villa Sosi is 1.5 km from the beach in Kanegra and 10 minutes’ drive from Umag’s centre.
Coffee and Resort is a short walk from the beach, the island's main pier and Ko Phayam Temple.
BBQ facilities and outdoor dining feature on the spacious sun terrace.
Hairdryer and ironing facilities are available on request.
Fitted with an equipped kitchenette, this air-conditioned holiday home at Villa Cala Rossa will provide you with a seating area complete with armchiars, sofas and a TV.
Featuring furnished terraces with countryside views, a garden with outdoor swimming pool, and an outdoor barbecue and dining area, Holiday Villa Graciosa located 4 km from the coastal town and beaches of Calp.
This 5-star boutique resort is set on 100 acres, just 2 km from Merimbula. Merimbula Main Beach is a 5-minute drive away.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
When the sun sets, be entertained by live musicians.
Luxury Towers Unique Boutique Suites is a 2-minute walk from Arpico Supermarket and a 10-minute walk from Odel Shopping Mall.
Puerto Escondido town centre is around 1 km away.
Suurlaht Lake is 5 km away.
Cheltenham can be reached in around 30 minutes by car.
All rooms come with a terrace, a TV with cable channels, a refrigerator, and a bathroom with a shower.
Located 1 km from Samgori Metro Station in Tbilisi, Crossway Hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, garden and shared kitchen. Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
It takes 10 minutes by taxi to Guangzhou Railway Station. Baiyun International Airport is about 40 minutes' drive away.
With wood furnishings and parquet floors, the unit is fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and stovetop.
Oasis studios are simply furnished with tiled floors.
All rooms in this historic building dating back to 1425 feature new soundproofed windows.
Massages and free WiFi in public areas are offered, and ski passes are available on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV, a balcony and a private bathroom with bathtub and shower.
The rooms are done in warm colours, and each one has wooden furniture that includes a work desk.
The nearest Airport is Hangzhou Xiaoshan Airport, a 1-hour car journey away.
Bedrooms at the Juanito Hotel are comfortable and elegant.
Each guest room comprises hardwood floors, a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a wardrobe.
Rooms here include satellite flat-screen TV, a minibar, and an electric kettle.
Featuring 2 bathrooms, this apartment comes with 2 bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with 2 single beds.
Extras include bed linen.
Guests can dine in the hotel's restaurant.
A barbecuing area is provided outside.
They are equipped with cable TV, a minibar and private bathroom facilities.
In the morning you can relax on the sunny terrace.
Featuring an outdoor swimming pool, a 14-person hot tub and a 9-hole putting green, this hotel is 15 minutes’ drive from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.
Featuring a bath or shower, the private bathroom also comes with a bathrobe and a hairdryer.
The reception offers tickets for a wide range of sightseeing tours, to the thermal baths, concerts and other cultural programs.
Guests can enjoy a swim in the indoor pool or relax in the hot tub at Northwest Bismarck Hampton Inn and Suites.
There are also a range of bars and refreshments can be enjoyed throughout the day.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Bibbiena is 13 km away.
The Pension Am Klinikum apartments include a kitchen fitted with a coffee machine.
The Connaught Place Market is approximately 10 km away, while New Delhi International Airport is within a 12 km radius.
Hostel Stadion Trud is located in Arkhangelsk, 300 metres from Lomonosov Park.
The air-conditioned rooms feature carpeted floors, a fridge and an electric kettle with green tea bags.
Some rooms are accessible to disabled guests and some have a fully equipped kitchenette.
Set in the spa town and winter sports resort of Altenau, this hotel enjoys great views of the Harz Mountains.
The historic city centre, where you can find Plaza España Square and Sevilla Cathedral, is 6 km from the property.
Extras include slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The famous steam train of Pilio that goes to the scenic village of Milies, stops within a 10-minute walk from the property.
This guest house is 400 metres from Tsunami Memorial - Rue Tor 813, 11.5 km from Tublamu Pier and 600 metres from Bangnieng Afternoon Market.
Featuring BBQ facilities, Pousada Marvel is located in Florianópolis, 500 metres from Ingleses Beach. Free WiFi access is available.
Penang International Airport is 14 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and a bath or shower.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, a tour desk and an ironing service.
Belorusskiy Train Station with shuttle trains to Sheremetyevo Airport is just 1 metro stop away.
Guests can organise day trips at tour desk, or rent a car to explore the surroundings.
The Leonor’s spa includes a hot tub and Turkish bath.
Just off the M6, this Premier Inn hotel is 8-10 minutes' drive from Preston Golf Club and Deepdale (for Preston North End FC).
The Georgia Trail at Sugarloaf, a golf course, is 5 minutes' drive from the Hyatt Place Hotel.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Guests can prepare meals at the well-equipped kitchen.
The modern and private bathrooms are fitted with hairdryer and slippers.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
This can be enjoyed outdoors, with views of the valley.
Set in the historic centre of Marsala, B&B Libertà Marsala offers classic-style accommodation with air conditioning.
The bright rooms at Subira House have either a patio or a balcony and some have sea views and free Wi-Fi.
Seaside Flower Villa is situated in Diaolongzui, only steps from the beach.
It has indoor/outdoor dining areas and a lounge area with a flat-screen TV and DVD player.
Free private parking and ski storage is offered on site.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
Guests can also relax in the Costa Coffee Lounge, with ample seating space and daily newspapers.
The Peneda-Geres national Park is 40 km away.
Offering a year-round outdoor pool, Tyne Beach Terrace is set in the beach in Freeport in the Grand Bahama Region.
Guests can head to the front desk for airport shuttle, laundry, tour arrangement and ticketing services.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided.
The town of Knysna is a 20-minute walk away and the George Airport is 73 km from Thesen Islands.
A washing machine and a dining area are also provided.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Barefoot Gallery is 1.2 km away while the British Council is 1.6 km from the property.
Offering rooms with free high-speed internet, Crown Regency Residences Cebu is a 5-minute walk from the Cebu Provincial Capitol.
Situated in the heart of Apollo Bay, Best Western Apollo Bay Motel & Apartments is a 20-minute drive from the Otway National Park, and a 4-minute walk from Apollo Bay Museum.
Offering air-conditioned rooms with a balcony, flat-screen TV and en suite bathroom, Hotel Edelweiss is 350 metres from Fogliano Marina's sandy beach.
Gelendzhik Airport is 81 km away.
Funchal city centre is 5 minutes’ driving from the apartment, and Girão Cape is 20 km away.
Apartaments Garrotxa is located 600 metres from L’Estartit’s beaches.
Located in the historic centre of Carlota, 30 km from Cordoba, the modern Hospederia Laredo offers free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Located in the Lille University area, B&B Lille Lezennes Grand Stade is 6 km from the city centre.
All rooms have heating, free Wi-Fi, a TV and a private bathroom.
Golden Tulip Hotel De Reiskoffer, a former monastery, is now rebuilt into a modern 4-star hotel.
The popular sandy beach of San Benedetto Del Tronto can be reached in 25 minutes by car.
Featuring free WiFi and a restaurant, Ji'an Business Hotel offers accommodation in Ji'an. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
You can play tennis and mini-golf at the property, and the area is popular for golfing and diving.
Some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
The rooms at Hotel Galanthus & Spa feature a modern décor and heating. They include satellite TV, free Wi-Fi, a minibar and a safe.
Some rooms are complete with a private bathroom, while others include shared bathroom facilities.
The nearest golf course, Manston Golf Centre, is 3.2 miles away.
Rüdesheim am Rhein's train station is 750 metres away, and Frankfurt am Main is 60 km away.
Guests can take a seat in the open-air café in warm weather.
Surrounded by lush gardens on the island of Cozumel, Villa Escondida B&B offers free Wi-Fi, an outdoor swimming pool and a terrace.
Tents are equipped with chandelier, barbecue, hammock and patio seating.
The boats, which are not available during daytime, are equipped with a fridge, stove and a toilet.
Both are equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Pine Tree Hotel is located in Batu Pahat, Johor, a 5-minute drive from shopping at Batu Pahat Mall, Summit Mall and Carrefour.
National Coffee Park and Panaca are 25 minutes away by car, while El Eden International Airport is just 3 km away.
Breakfast is included daily.
The nearest airport is Elefthérios Venizélos Airport, 37 km from the property.
