A flat-screen TV is provided.
Changi International Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a games room and a tour desk.
Some rooms have a mountain view.
Free airport transfers and free parking are available upon request.
Hotel Max am Meer Kühlungsborn features fine gastronomy, the Moritz Bar and a spa area with a Finnish sauna and relaxation lounge.
You can prepare your meals here.
With its central location, Hotel Don Jaime 54 allows you to visit most of Zaragoza on foot. The city's cultural sights are just as near as the local shops, leisure facilities and business venues.
All rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a bath and shower.
Rooms feature an en suite bathroom offering a hairdryer, shower and free toiletries.
Just 100 metres from the Sankt Gereon Basilica, this small, family-run hotel in Cologne city centre offers free Wi-Fi internet, brightly decorated rooms, and a varied breakfast each day.
With a unique décor, all of the rooms feature a private entrance and a flat-screen TV.
The nearest airport is Ngurah Rai International Airport, 29 km from Sari Garden.
The nearest airport is Benito Juárez Airport, 11 km from Polanco T40.
Other facilities include a business centre with internet access.
Chambres d’Hotes Ti Ar Yer is located in Milizac in Brittany’s Finistère department, just 9 km from Brest.
Set in Eden Island in the Mahé Region, this Semi-detached holiday home features a terrace and a garden with a year-round outdoor pool and a barbecue.
All rooms have satellite TV and a private bathroom with soft bathrobes.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking and the TS de l'Arcelle ski lift is just 300 metres away.
Nash Dom Hotel is located in Anapa, within a 10-minute walk of Orekhovaya Roscha Park and the Black Sea coast.
They are equipped with kitchen facilities, cable TVs and a complete bathroom.
The air-conditioned rooms offer a flat-screen TV with Sky channels, free wired internet, and a minibar.
The living room is fitted with a flat-screen TV. The apartment has seating area where you can relax.
A popular buffet breakfast is served every morning with fresh fruits and pastries.
Set in the Cinque Terre National Park, Camere Nicolina is in the heart of Vernazza and 160 metres from the town's Train Station.
All rooms have private bathrooms with showers.
These apartments in the centre of Lloret de Mar, on the Costa Brava, are just 500 metres from the sea.
Free WiFi access is available.
The hotel also provides a business centre, laundry services and a 24-hour front desk.
This property is 5 minutes’ drive from Mercado Independencia Market and 3 km from Plaza Valladolid square.
Each is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Guests can enjoy a relaxing barbecue or take a stroll in the garden.
Located a 10-minute drive from Jeju International Airport, Jeju Ocean Family Hotel offers comfortable guestrooms with an ocean view.
A wide range of bars, shops and restaurants can be found in the surrounding area, the Latin Quarter.
Some rooms feature a spa bath.
At the foot of the Stara Planina hills, the Sofia Family Hotel is 50 metres from hiking eco-routes.
Set in a building from the 1700s, this 4-star hotel features lovely gardens with a small pool.
The on-site Jan De Wit Design Hotel offers a rich a-la-carte menu.
The Peter Hart Apartmenthaus features an on-site sauna and a hot tub.
It offers a fitness centre, massage service and a sauna.
The apartment is also ideally located 650 metres from Chatelet-les-Halles shopping centre and train station.
There is also a fully equipped kitchen, and 2 bathrooms with a hairdryer and a bath or shower.
Offering an outdoor pool and a restaurant, Holiday Inn Cúcuta is located acroos the Ventura shopping centre and a 5-minute walk from the emblematic Santander Park. Here you can find San José de Cúcuta’s Town hall, the Cathedral and the financial sector.
This contrasts with the timeless surroundings of the Sant Llorenç del Munt Natural Park, the hotel gardens and the 17th-century Mas Bonvilar country house, which forms part of the complex.
Overlooking the Tuscan hills, Villa Toscana offers a sun terrace, hot tub and free Wi-Fi throughout. Guests can relax in the garden equipped with a private pool and BBQ facilities.
Puerto Madero is 3 km away.
The Ankara Marinem Hotel is located in the centre of Ankara, within walking distance of Kolej metro station.
Sandino offers free parking and is 45 km from Palencia.
The Malická Bus Terminal lies 300 metres away.
Le Colombine is located in Abbadia Lariana, 400 metres from Lake Como.
It also has a free games room for kids, open daily upon request from 10:00 -17:00.
Overlooking the blue sea, Liandao Swete Peninsula Holiday Hotel offers cosy, relaxing accommodation in the airy, orderly arranged guestrooms.
The spacious room features a freestanding bath, a flat-screen satellite TV, wooden floors, and a bathroom.
It features a private terrace, TV and fully equipped kitchen.
Each comes with 1, 2 or 3 separate bedrooms, a living room, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom.
The rooms come with a hairdryer and shared bathroom facilities.
There is also a common TV available there.
Guests who wish to travel can make sightseeing and ticketing arrangements at tour desk.
The spa is equipped with a heated indoor pool and hot tub, and there is also a fitness centre.
Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Located less than 3 blocks from the beach and Duval Street, this classic-style Key West motel features Cuban tile floors and a beautiful rooftop sun deck.
An array of activities can be enjoyed in the surrounding area, including cycling, hiking, swimming and canoeing.
There is a children’s playground and a sun terrace at Hostal San José.
It offers well-equipped modern furnished apartments and studios, and free Wi-Fi access.
Individual lockers are available for guests.
Packed lunches are available upon request and special diet menus are also an option at this property.
At Casa Milena you will find a garden and barbecue facilities.
Some apartments feature a balcony and all have a safety deposit box.
Other meals are available on request.
Apartamenty Sun&Snow Diune Bałtyk Park is located by the sandy beach of Kołobrzeg. Warm-coloured apartments feature an LCD TV as well as a free parking and a balcony.
This holiday home is 68 km from Billund Airport.
It features uniquely decorated accommodation and a swimming pool, situated just a few steps from the village of Artemonas.
It also has a living room with a flat-screen TV, and 2 bathrooms.
There is a restaurant just a few steps away, while a café and a market is 100 metres away.
Checkin Sirius has a sauna, hot tub and a gymnasium.
Children have their own play area.
They have a flat-screen TV, free Wi-Fi, a private bathroom and a minibar.
Ferry Port offers links to the splendid nearby islands and can be reached in just a couple of minutes on foot.
The guest house is 1.7 km from Badajoz Fortress, 1.8 km from El Corte Ingles and 800 metres from Puerta de Palmas.
A breakfast bar with healthy options is available each morning.
Free private parking is available on site.
Albany is 19 km from Oakcliff Bed and Breakfast, while Amsterdam is 40 km from the property.
The kitchen includes a dishwasher.
Gästehaus Schmitt offers modern rooms with parquet floors and a flat-screen TV.
The Hampton Inn Baltimore/White Marsh is surrounded by numerous shops, restaurants and entertainment options.
Langkawi Airport is 4 km away.
Rooms offer a balcony and free Wi-Fi. The property features a free wellness centre, a gym, and free parking.
D’Leyenda Hotel offers food delivery service and guests can find a variety of restaurants within 10 minutes’ walk.
Some of the villas come with a terrace overlooking the garden and a dining area with an equipped kitchen.
Mercure London Bridge has spacious, air-cooled rooms, a gym and a Marco Pierre White New York Italian restaurant.
Qiandaohu Zihao Hotel offers accommodation in Thousand Island Lake.The property features convenient transportation and beautiful environment.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and a balcony. There is also a refrigerator.
An amusement park with slides, a climbing tower and a ropes course is a 15-minute drive away.
The white town of Otranto is 18 km from the property.
Set in Pantai Cenang, 1.8 km from The Rice Museum, Lavigo Resort features a barbecue and sun terrace.
Piazza Dei Signori and the historical centre are within a 15-minute walk of A Casa Di Checco.
Free private parking is available on site.
Cardiff Airport is 66 km from the property.
All rooms at Talos enjoy free Wi-Fi access. Each is equipped with a TV, coffee maker and refrigerator.
The tennis courts , squash courts, bowling lines, a beach-volleyball , a heated outdoor swimming pool and many other sports facilities are also available in area.
Remay Hotel is located in the city of Bolu, only 2 km from the bus terminal.
It offers modern and well-equipped accommodation and free Wi-Fi.
Located 7 km from Calangute and Bega Beaches, Hotel Nova de Goa offers a 24-hour front desk and free Wi-Fi in the lobby areas.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Eurostars Zaragoza offers accommodation in Zaragoza, inside the Zaragoza-Delicias Train Station. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Each comes with an en suite bathroom.
Capuchins Hotel offers practical rooms with air conditioning, a TV and a minibar.
The historic one is where you will find the bar, lounge, meeting rooms and the courtyard.
Déry Museum and the Modern Museum are set 650 metres from Apartment Barres de la rue. The Nagyerdő park area can be reached within 2.5 km.
It is just a short stroll from the world-renowned Acropolis and offers free WiFi access.
Guest rooms feature a small seating area and a bathroom with shower.
The nearest airport is Anapa Airport, 5 km from Guest house Romio on Limannaya 51A.
Guests can relax in the on-site garden and play darts at the property.
Providenciales International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
Pampering spa treatments, a hot tub and a fitness centre are also available.
Beverages can be enjoyed at the Tea Lounge.
They can also unwind in the patios reading a book from the library.
Sochi Discovery World Aquarium is 5 km from Hotel Sergiy, while Novy Vek Shopping Centre is 3.8 km from the property.
In the centre of port de pêche en activité 200 m from the centre of Ciboure, 400 m from the centre of St Jean de Luz, 400 m from the sea.
There is a seating area and a kitchen equipped with a fridge.
The Hillcrest House is just over 30 minutes’ drive from Killarney town centre and its picturesque national park. The Blue Flag beach of Rossbeigh and Burke's horse-riding facilities are 10 minutes’ drive from this family-run B&B.
A mini-market is available on site where guests can get supplies.
The property is just 50 metres from the bus stop for Malta International Airport.
The nearest airport is Santos Dumont Airport, 9 km from the property.
Grocery shops and restaurants can be reached within walking distance of the property and free WiFi access is provided.
Guests enjoy free use of local public transport.
A continental breakfast is included in the price and served each morning in the dining area.
Surrounded by lovely gardens, this country lodge features sweeping staircases, large open fireplaces and unique architecture.
Guests can enjoy a drink while admiring the view on the garden terrace of the bar.
Cross country skiing trails start right next to the apartment, while a ski bus station is in front of the house.
The Castello hosts wine-tasting sessions, and guests can visit the winery on request.
Laundry facilities are also on site.
Some rooms include a TV and a private bathroom, and the shared bathroom facilities are in the hallway.
It is 500 metres to Kraków Główny Train Station. Wawel Castle is 800 metres away.
Air conditioning is available in the breakfast lounge and rich breakfast buffet is served daily.
Featuring a modern design, the Skyna’s quality restaurant has an open kitchen and provides both traditional Portuguese meals and international flavours.
With a privileged location at the heart of the 9th district of Paris, between Montmartre and the Palais Royal garden, Hotel de Nell is a 5-minute walk from Grands Boulevards Metro Station.
JR Kyoto Train Station is a 10-minute public bus ride away.
Each room is equipped with a TV and the superior double room has access to a terrace.
Additional features include ski storage, central heating and public parking on site.
Chumbarova-Luchinskogo is a self-catering accommodation offering city views.Free WiFi and public parking are available on site.
You will also find 2 bars and a piano bar with live music during summer.
Anthony Quinn Bay and Kallithea Springs are 2 km away.
The kitchen features a microwave.
The Odejewscy boasts a large garden that has a playground that kids will love and a mini golf range.
Other facilities like luggage storage are offered.
The historic 19th century hotel offers an outdoor pool, massage services and a flat-screen TV in every room.
Rooms at the Comfort Hotel Manaus have large windows and modern furnishings.
This hotel is set in an Art Nouveau building typical of Berlin, and is located in a side street at Kleistpark in the district of Schöneberg.
There is a seating area and a kitchenette complete with a dishwasher and an oven.
The spacious garden with barbecue facilities is at guests’ disposal.
A bakery service is available at an extra cost.
The offices of IBM, Delta Dental and many more are also easily accessible.
Furnished with carpeted floors, rooms here come with a balcony, seating area and satellite TV.
Beautifully located in a forest area by Lake Lagarfljot, 25 km south of Egilsstadir, is the Hotel Hallormsstadur, close to hiking trails and various recreational opportunities.
Free Wi-Fi is provided in the entire building.
Offering a garden and terrace, Enkolong Tented Camp-Mara is located in Mara Simba, 21 km from Masai Mara.
The iconic National Monument and National Museum are located about 9 km away from the hotel, and Soekarno-Hatta International Airport is reachable within a 20-minute drive via the toll road.
Situated 10 km from Almyri Beach, Panagiotis House features spacious apartments with a balcony and fireplace.
A ski storage room and free private parking are available on site.
Yerevan Train Station is 3 km from the apartment, while Yerevan Airport is 11 km away.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, fishing and hiking.
The famous Roman Temple of Diana is a 5-minute walk away.
Roshchino Airport is located a 20-minute drive away.
Located in a garden 100 metres from Varia Beach, Limanaki Apartments offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi and balcony overlooking the garden.
Certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
The modern rooms are complete with a desk, satellite TV, and a minibar.
Guests enjoy an onsite bar and a terrace.
Tasteful, antique decorative elements are featured in the public interior areas, whilst each one of the bright guest rooms is fitted with fine furnishings and wooden floors.
The hotel is a 5-minute drive from Cua Da Beach and a 25-minute drive from Non Nuoc Beach and Marble Mountain.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
Lebenstedt Outdoor and Indoor Swimming Pool is a 10-minute walk away and the hotel has its own sun terrace.
Slavyanskiy Dvorik is situated in Anapa, 40 km from Novorossiysk and 12 km from Vityazevo.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning in Nigardsbreen Gjesteheim's breakfast room.
It is a 1.5-hr drive from Suvarnabhumi International Airport.
A fitness centre is available for guest use. A guest launderette is located on site.
Each room at this motel is air conditioned and features a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Bangkok Hub is a 10-minute drive from Asiatique The Riverfront Mall.
Parking is available for free on site.
Waterfront Lobby Bar and Yacht Club Bar provide a variety of drinks and light snacks.
Hanoi Hotel is located a 10-minute walk from Hoan Kiem Lake.
Breakfast can be arranged to be served in the villa’s rooms.
Featuring a terrace, all units feature a seating and dining area.
The mall offers dining, shopping and entertainment options.
Surrounded by greenery, on the shore of Lake Pielinen, this Nurmes resort offers a lake-view restaurant and a wide variety of recreational facilities.
The small, hospitable hotel has 12 traditionally decorated rooms offer guests all modern comforts, including refrigerator and air conditioning.
Featuring a swimming pool and an à la carte restaurant serving international cuisine, Tia Maria Hotel is situated in the southern part of the Sunny Beach Resort, 250 metres from the beach and a 5-minute walk from the centre.
Decorated with wooden furniture, each room has a flat-screen TV and a telephone.
In the evening, let the restaurant spoil you with delicious dishes and enjoy an after-dinner drink at the lobby bar.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen.
There are spacious 1-3 bedroom bungalows with a private terrace.
Situated on the edge of Bomal-sur-Ourthe, in the midst of a beautiful park and near Durbuy, this holiday complex offers many recreational facilities.
Soesokkak is 6 km from M Stay Hotel, while Hueree Park is 10 km from the property. The nearest airport is Jeju International Airport, 45 km from the property.
Gulet Dilara-1 arrives back to Kas Yacht Marina.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or a drink at the bar.
The hotel also offers an airport shuttle service at an extra charge.
At Casa Contemporânea Gramado, an array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking.
Public parking can be found within 50 metres.
The hotel’s à la carte restaurant serves local dishes, while you will also find a variety of restaurant in the surrounding area.
It is a modern, two-bedroom apartment with free Wi-Fi.
At RAMN Economy Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a shared kitchen.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 43 km from Apartamento Atrium Beach 4.
Beecraigs Country Park is nearby, as well as other family attractions.
Private bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
Comodo Helsinki East’s apartments are set within the districts of Kallio, Sörnäinen and Vallila. Metro, tram and bus stations are always close by.
Some units have a seating area where you can relax.
Ribadeo is 40 minutes’ drive, while Lugo is an hours’ drive away.
Ferienwohnung Sendlhof-Hartmannn is just 150 metres away from the stop of the free ski bus going to the Anglertal Ski Lift in Bad Hofgastein and offers you a fully equipped apartment with balcony, terrace and free Wi-Fi.
A fully equipped kitchen and a dining area are offered in each unit of these Chicoutimi apartments. Free Wi-Fi is provided in all areas.
Ski equipment hire is available on site.
Located in a peaceful area, B&B Casteldante offers rooms with free WiFi 2.5 km from Rovereto.
Currency exchange and car rental can be arranged.
Ataturk Airport is 16 km away.
Denia is an hour’s drive away along a mountain road, while Oliva is 45 minutes' drive away on a mountain road.
Guests may cook their own meals in the kitchen at their disposal.
Apartments Vasilije is located in Dobrota, 1.5 km from the centre of Kotor.
A 100-km network of cross-country ski runs and hiking paths is only 500 metres away, with free transfers available on request.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in this holiday home.
Newport Centre Mall Shopping Center is 600 metres from Royal Suites at Newport, while Old Colony Plaza Shopping Center is 2 km away.
Snacks and drinks are available from the honesty bar.
The bathroom includes a bath or a shower.
Albenga is 8.5 km away.
The rooms are also furnished with a coffee maker and sofa bed.
The new Bistro Restaurant is also available for a relaxed and informal dining experience.
Each cosy bungalow has bright, functional décor and includes a kitchenette, bathroom, heating and a fan.
These elegant apartments enjoy an idyllic location on the island of Rügen, a 10-minute drive from the Baltic Sea resorts of Binz and Sellin.
OZz Hotel Kuta Bali enjoys a strategic location just a 10-minute stroll from the popular Kuta Beach.
The rustic-style rooms at the Belvedere come with satellite TV and a bathroom.
Free WiFi access is available.
Each has a private entrance and bathroom with free toiletries plus a hairdryer.
Free private, on-site parking is provided.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV, a seating area and a hairdryer.
Other facilities at Trofi Seliger 1 include a sauna.
Nestled in Seewald, right in the heart of the Black Forest, this 4-star hotel offers tastefully furnished rooms with free Wi-Fi internet access, a swimming pool and extensive spa facilities.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Sunrise Beach within 2 km and Kalamies Beach within 1 km. Larnaca International Airport is located 42 km away. The property is also 3 km from Konnos Beach and 3.5 km from National Forest Park Kavo Gkreko.
Ironing facilities and hair dryers are available on request.
At Villa Liv'n Curacao you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace.
Bed linens and towels are provided.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave.
They all have a kitchenette with a fridge and kitchenware, and a bathroom with a shower.
It boasts an outdoor pool, a restaurant and on-site parking facilities.
This apartment in Ishøj town centre is less than 2 km from the Bay of Køge and the Arken Museum of Modern Art.
Guests have free use of the fitness room and solarium, in addition to the swimming pool which is covered and heated in winter.
Hotel Esplanad is 200 metres from Mariehamn’s main street, Torggatan.
The hotel is at the foot of the Sierra de Aralar Nature Reserve.
Cocktails, snacks and drinks are presented at the pool and lobby bar.
This hotel is within 5 minutes' drive of downtown Bozeman and 3.5 miles from the Museum of the Rockies.
Simferopol Airport is 30 km from the property.
Situated 3.8 km from Krasnodar Expo in Krasnodar, Hostel Tepliy features free WiFi access and free private parking.
Kunshan Newport Hotel is ideally located in downtown Kunshan, a developing business city in the Yangtze River Delta.
Southampton is a 40-minute drive from the property.
This apartment has a sofa, washing machine, hairdryer and air conditioning.
It offers air-conditioned rooms and apartments featuring free WiFi.
Free WiFi is available in all areas and complimentary downtown scheduled bus service is available
Both a grocery shop and a restaurant can be found within 100 metres of the property.
Featuring free WiFi, Guest House Liliya4 offers accommodation in Lazarevskoye, 400 metres from Aqua Park Nautilus.
The property is 20 minutes’ drive from Clarkesville city centre.
Cretan specialties and Greek dishes are served at the restaurant.
Free private parking is possible on site.
This air-conditioned apartment has a full kitchen, private bathroom facilities and a satellite TV.
Amusement Park is 1 km from Hotel Orkhideya, while Aqua Park Nautilus is 1.5 km from the property.
The historic centre of Antwerpen, including the Grote Markt, is less than half an hours’ walk away.
Other amenities include a 24-hour front desk and barbecue and laundry facilities.
The town centre of Side and Side Antique Theatre are 2 km from the hotel.
You can enjoy city and garden views from all of the rooms.
Parking on site is also free.
A seating area, dining area and a flat-screen TV feature in the brightly decorated living rooms of Europahuset Luxury Apartments.
Private bathrooms feature both a bathtub and shower.
Lux Barillerie-Old Nice is a 5-minute walk from the tram stop and 1.5 km from Nice Train Station.
The air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a satellite TV. Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Located 4 km from Portimão Train Station and 100 metres from Praia da Rocha Beach, Akisol Rocha Areia offers self-catering apartments with sea view and access to a seasonal shared outdoor pool.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries and towels.
Guests can taste local specialities and classic Italian cuisine at the several cafes and restaurants in the immediate surroundings.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven, a toaster and a fridge, as well as a kettle.
An indoor hot tub is available to guests of the Smoky Mountains Inn and Suites Cherokee as well as a 24-our reception. Free parking is also possible on site.
Each of the studios and apartments includes air conditioning, a lounge area and fully-equipped kitchenette.
Three-Bedroom Holiday home in Lysekil 3 is a holiday home located in Lysekil in the Västra Götaland Region and is 3.7 km from Lysekil Bus Station.
Pousada Lestada is situated on the northern part of the peninsula Armação de Búzios offering panoramic views of dos Ossos Beach from the sun terrace.
The air-conditioned apartments at Dunes Hotel Apartments Oud Metha have modern décor in warm colours, and are equipped with stylish furniture.
Coffee/tea making facilities and a telephone are provided.
Fishing, hiking, cycling and canoeing are among the outdoor activities, offered at the hotel.
You can get tourist information at the Xinzo, which is 200 metres from the banks of the River Limia.
A fully equipped common kitchen and a garden are also at guest’s disposal.
At this property you will find a garden, a sun terrace and a patio.
Knysna is 20 minutes’ drive from the Wilderness.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Guests of the Porta Romana have access to a shared kitchen.
The centre of Cortona is 25 minutes away by car.
Trabzon Airport is 150 km away.
Laundry facilities are also offered to guests.
The Best Western is 2 miles from Quail Springs Mall.
Apartment4You Centrum 3 apartments are located throughout central Warsaw, close to Warsaw's largest park, Łazienki Park, and the Metro line.
The studios, apartments and rooms of Loukia feature tiled floors and wooden furniture.
The Gather Inn also has 2 bars.
Balti Jaam is within 4 km, and the shuttle bus station is 2 km away.
Pula Airport is 55 km from the property.
A sauna is offered in this 4-star hotel in Reinbek, a 25-minute drive from Hamburg city centre.
Rooms at the Kette are decorated with traditional wallpaper and fine fabrics.
The functional rooms have cable TV and a full bathroom with shower.
Free transfer service from El Sano Banano is provided on check-in and check-out days.
MGB Hotels offers a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property offers free parking on the plot.
Originally a country mansion, Les Rocquettes was built in 1765 on the outskirts of St Peter Port.
Fitted with marble flooring and a seating area, air-conditioned rooms feature cable TV and a fridge.
Grantley Adams Airport is 15 km away.
The hotel is equipped with an outdoor swimming pool and a 24-hour front desk.
They are tastefully decorated, some with carpet and others with parquet floors, and provide a small seating area.
Centrally located in Hamilton, Chloe's Motor Inn is close to restaurants and shops.
Every morning, guests will enjoy a hearty Cumbrian breakfast.
Room service is available.
The air-conditioned rooms at Turismo de Tábua have satellite TV and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Casa Enea offers accommodation at two different locations in San Giovannni Valdarno, 4 km from River Arno.
Enjoy the tranquility of the countryside in the three types of room that Solar de São Jacinto has to offer.
Surfers City Motel is only 400 metres from the nightlife of Cavill Mall.
Holy Mother Virgins Nativity Cathedral is 1.3 km from Guest House Gatenadze, while Dolphinarium is 1.4 km from the property.
Gran Paradiso's restaurant serves local and international recipes, with vegetarian and special dietary options.
There is free on-site parking.
Perfect for a seaside holiday, you are a 1-minute walk from the sandy beach and popular promenade, and bicycles are available to rent at the property.
Historical sites, such as Orlando’s Column or Onofrio’s Fountain, can be reached in just a short walk.
There also is a terrace.
Free WiFi is offered .
The hotel is 5.7 km from Side Antique City, 5.6 km from Side Museum and 5.7 km from Side Theatre.
You can relax in the sauna, or enjoy a meal in the barbecue area.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including diving and fishing.
The air-conditioned villa will provide you with a TV and a terrace.
The apartment has a kitchen and a dining area.
Other dining options at The Lovina include the Heliconia Restaurant and Pizzeria, and Beach Bar by the pool and beach.
The Stolzenberg’s traditional bar offers local beers and wines.
Just 25 metres from Makry Gialos Beach in Lasithi, Porfyra's Island offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi and spacious balconies overlooking the Libyan Sea and the mountain.
A free shuttle to Port Ghalib Marina is available.
Free private parking is possible on site and Kisauni Airport is 56 km away.
Split Airport is located 5 km away.
It serves French cuisine on its stylish patio.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
The nearby underground, bus and tram connections ensure quick access to all key destinations including the central railway station, trade fair and airport.
The nearest airport is William P. Hobby International Airport, 15 km away.
Hiking opportunities can be found at Goverla Mountain, 20 km away.
Guests benefit from a 20% discount on the greenfee costs.
The centre of Porto, Aliados Avenue, is 4.6 km away and is easily accessible by bus 24 hours a day.
Various restaurants and bars can be found within walking distance of Minoica Beach Apartments.
Offering accomodation in the heart of Flaine, Résidence CGH Le Centaure is only 3.7 km from Pierre Carrée Golf Club and close to shops and restaurants.
Sporting Hotel’s large rooms are all soundproofed and feature air conditioning, TV and a well-stocked minibar.
Some rooms have a seating area where you can relax.
24-hour reception is available at the Rodeway Inn Pasco.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
Appartement Arembault is a self-catering accommodation located in the centre of Lille, a 5-mintue walk from the train station and Grand Place.
The nearest airport is Kaliningrad Khrabrovo Airport, 21 km from Guesthouse Mieridian.
Arrowhead by Big Sky Vacation Rentals is a 1-hour drive from Yellowstone National Park, and Gallatin National Forest is 55 km from the holiday home.
The Olympic Stadium and Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square) can be reached in 6 minutes by metro.
Just 250 metres from the Circus Maximus, Vecchia Roma Resort is located in the historic centre of Rome.
Apartament Gdynia 50 is situated 1 km from Gdynia Główna Train Station and 800 metres from the sandy beach.
It takes 55 minutes to drive to Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport.
Set in gardens, it offers a free Wi-Fi zone and free parking.
Staff at the tour desk can assist with airport shuttle and sightseeing bookings.
Dining options include indoor or outdoor in the gardens by the pool.
Laanta House is a 15-minute drive from Klong Mern Beach.
A continental breakfast consisting of homemade crepes, pastries and jams is prepared daily.
Free WiFi is available in public areas.
A fridge, microwave and coffee maker are provided in all rooms at the Knights Inn Bracebridge. Each room features simple décor and includes an alarm clock and hairdryer.
The unit is 43 km from Aberystwyth.
The nearest airport is Dubrovnik Airport, 18 km from the property.
The Quaich is a holiday home set in Lawers in the Tayside Region and is 45 km from Perth.
A daily breakfast is offered.
The Gerendás air-conditioned restaurant next to the hotel offers delicious local specialities including game dishes at reasonable rates and on weekends you can enjoy live music.
Mantova city centre is 15 minutes by car from Corte Capiluppia, while Suzzara is 20 km away.
Gyöngyi Apartman features a garden with barbecue facilities and apartments with balcony and free WiFi, a 20-minute walk from the Thermal Lake in Hévíz.
Accommodation will provide you with a TV. Complete with an oven, the kitchenette also has a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Hotel Belvedere provides a daily buffet breakfast that is served in the dining area or on the terrace with views of the old town and the sea.
Dubrovnik’s Old Town is only a 10-minute ride away with the local bus.
Arapongas Railroad Station is 2 km from the hotel, and the city of Londrina is 30 km away.
You can also explore the beautiful local landscape, including Salvador Dalí's home at Port Lligat.
All elegant, classic-style rooms come with air conditioning, a flat-screen TV and a minibar.
Predeal and the Clabucet Ski Slope are 3 km from the hotel.
Spread out in a landscape garden, cosy bungalows at Pai Porpeang are furnished with wooden interiors.
Rooms have a private bathroom.
The property is located a 5-minute drive from the bus stations and from Atenas Central Park.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony with sea views.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
Fitted with tiled/parquet flooring, air-conditioned rooms include a wardrobe, in-room safe, a minibar and a flat-screen TV with cable/satellite channels.
This charming hotel is situated on the wine route, in the heart of Alsace.
There is a dining area and a kitchen.
The apartment is 1 km from Louvre Museum.
Various shops and restaurants are located in the vicinity of Apartmány Tržiště.
The chef sources fresh local produce and guests can relax whilst enjoying a cocktail in the spacious lounge.
A fridge, an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen.
Some of the properties have sofa and a balcony.
Set in Saint Petersburg, FlatHome24 Studio at Ladozhsky vokzal offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi.
Situated 700 metres from Arena Civica in Milan, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony.
Hay for horses is sold on site.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for hiking.
Corfu Airport is at a distance of 1.5 km.
The kitchen features an oven and a microwave.
The P1 car park is 1 km away, and a free shuttle service to the hotel is available.
Breakfast and dinner are served.
Madison Square Garden is 899 metres from Distrikt Hotel.
Children can play in the garden, in the games room or on the children’s playground.
At Goodstay Nana Residence, guests can utilize the shared kitchen are to prepare hot meals and snacks.
Located 400 metres from Pitti Palace, Appartamento Campuccio 41 offers accommodation in Florence. The unit is 700 metres from Ponte Vecchio.
A full-service business center is on site.
Each room at the Secaiza has heating and parquet floors, as well as a wardrobe and a private bathroom with bath and free toiletries.
Fitted with a balcony, each room will provide you with a seating area, a flat-screen TV and a minibar.
With the metro and bus station just around the corner, connections to the rest of the city and more distant attractions are easily arranged.
Guests can book a shuttle service to/from Framura Train Station, where you will find direct links to Genoa and La Spezia.
Located 5 miles form Wells State Park, this motel boasts free WiFi access and a daily free continental breakfast. Old Sturbridge Village is 5 minutes’ drive away.
Other facilities offered at Space ben Guest house include a shared lounge. Drivers enjoy free parking.
The en suite bathroom features a bath, a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Featuring a shower, the private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and free toiletries.
The Crashboat beach can also be reached within a 5 minutes’ drive.
The city of Almería is around an hour’s drive away from the Picachico. Mini Hollywood, the filming site of many spaghetti Westerns, is also about 60 minutes’ drive away.
At One-Bedroom Villa in Moraira you will find a bar.
Tekirdağ Çorlu Airport is a 40-minute drive from the hotel.
They feature a well-equipped kitchenette, a separate bedroom and en-suite bathroom.
A sweet Italian breakfast is served in the breakfast room, on the shared patio, or in your room.
It is 1.3 km to the Lithuanian National Opera and Ballet Theatre and Museum of Genocide.
Nuova Mestre features a storage space for bicycles, a meeting room for a maximum of 20 persons, a reading room, and a TV room.
Housed in Liangmahe Towers, Beijing Landmark Towers Apartment is located only steps away from the embassy district.
Some feature a patio, kitchenette and seating area.
The property provides free parking.
Thessaloniki City is 70 km away.
The area is popular for cycling and hiking.
Two bathrooms include a shower each.
Salvador Dali’s House is 1.3 km away.
Guests can enjoy free use of all public buses in the Saas Valley.
The guest house also offers bike hire and car hire.
Dry cleaning and laundry services are available.
There is also a comfortable lounge bar, offering beverages and evening meals throughout the week, except Sundays.
Apartments DOMANT Romanova 60/1 also includes a children's playground.
Located in the historic centre of Salerno, San Pietro A Corte B&B is 200 metres from the seafront and around 1 km from the harbour.
Wi-Fi internet is also available.
Hanoi Golden Plaza provides facilities and services such as luggage storage, currency exchange, and free parking, and free Wi-Fi internet access throughout the building.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath or shower and a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 12 km from the property.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Including free parking spaces, the Donà Wingut comprises Alpine-style apartments with parquet floors, a modern bathroom with bath or shower and kitchenette. Each comes with a flat-screen TV and a seating area with sofa bed.
The air-conditioned rooms are equipped with internet access, a satellite TV. A private terrace offers views of the ocean or forest.
Located in Olševek, 4 km from the centre of Preddvor, Guest House Mubi offers simply furnished rooms with a free Wi-Fi access.
Simferopol Airport is 62 km away.
There is a living space with a sofa set, fireplace, flat-screen TV, CD player, and dining table, while the kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave, coffee machine, and toaster.
Aktion Airport is at 25 km.
Varese Train Station, located 100 metres away, offers connections with Milan where the Expo 2015 takes place.
The main restaurant serves breakfast, lunch and dinner in open buffet style.
Offering an outdoor pool and terrace, RedDoorz Plus @ Ronta Poppies Legian is set in Kuta, 600 metres from Kuta Beach. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The property offers free parking.
Flat 51 offers accommodation in Rome.
Guests have access to a basketball court as well.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
There are 3.5 bathrooms, including 1 with a spa bath.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
Andaman Dee Hotel is a 10-minute walk from the Night Bazaar and a 20-minute drive from Krabi Airport.
Apart Hotel Alto de los Cerros has bright, air-conditioned apartments with simple décor, wood furnishings and full kitchen facilities.
Located 2.1 km from Saint Basil's Cathedral, Business apartment Central offers pet-friendly accommodation in Moscow.
A tour desk is provided for guests’ convenience.
All rooms feature a fan, an en-suite bathroom and cable TV.
Gai Rossignol is situated in the Sint-Jans-Molenbeek / Molenbeek-Saint-Jean district in Brussels, 3.7 km from Manneken Pis and 3.8 km from Brussels City Hall.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The modern rooms and dormitories at Mary Gold Hotel have a TV and hairdryer, and either a private or shared bathroom.
The nearest airport is San Carlos De Bariloche Airport, 29 km from Cocos Cura Cabañas.
The Onda Blu's restaurant and pizzeria overlooks the lake.
Guests can have their meals at the on-site restaurant, which serves local specialities and Chinese dishes.
Each has 2 bathrooms and the kitchen and dining area includes a fridge, microwave and kettle.
Extras include a washing machine, bed linen and ironing facilities.
Baan Kukiang At Hua Hin is located only 500 metres from Khao Takiap and 800 metres from Cicada Market Hau Hin.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Guests are welcome to dine in the cafes and restaurants nearby.
It also includes access to bathroom with a walk-in shower and heated towel rail.
Guests can enjoy the property's garden with sessions of yoga or reiki, provided by the staff itself.
The King Aragon Steps down to the beach are 1.6 km from the property while Spérone Golf Course is 7 km away.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
Set on the eastern outskirts of the Black Forest, this hotel is just 800 metres from Südwest Messe Exhibition Centre.
The bus station is 200 metres and shuttles to Pichoy Airport, 35 km away, can be arranged for a fee.
Nearest grocery store, as well as restaurants, cafes and beach bars, can all be found 80 metres away.
Each of the Caravaggio's air-conditioned rooms features an en suite bathroom and flat-screen satellite TV. Some overlook the hotel's private and shaded garden.
The Roman-Germanic Museum and the Cologne Philharmonic Hall are just a 5-minute walk away.
Situated in Bandar Baru Salak Tinggi, City View Sepang KLIA offers modern and comfortable accommodation with free WiFi access in the entire property.
Kanz Erremal is located in the heart of the desert itself, immersed in the fascinating landscape of the dunes of Erg Chebbi, in the south-east of Morocco.
The air-conditioned rooms at the Marte come with marble floors.
Traditionally styled with light colors, the rooms also include a coffee maker and an alarm clock.
It features panoramic views of the Sea of Galilee and Golan Heights.
Situated along the peaceful Huong River, Tulip Hotel features well-appointed guestrooms equipped with large windows and cooled with air conditioning.
There is a shared kitchen, a shared lounge, concierge service and gift shop at the property.
Amber Hotell’s rooms feature a fridge, a minibar and a private bathroom with shower.
Each features a flat-screen TV, a safety deposit box and a wardrobe.
Bed linen and towels are provided.
Boasting floor-to-ceiling windows with scenic views, hearty Chinese and Western meals can be enjoyed at the restaurants.
Situated in the heart of Flanders, Johan’s Lodge offers uniquely themed rooms with free Wi-Fi and views of the rural surroundings.
Also upon request and at an additional charge, traditional meals can be arranged.
The Cilento and Valle di Diano National Park is less than 30 km from the Bouganville.
Due to the central location, many city sights are within a walking distance; the National Museum can be visited 500 metres from the apartments, the Old Town Square with the Prague Astronomical Clock is 1.3 km away and the Prague Castle is 3.7 km off.
The apartment features a charming garden, a balcony and free Wi-Fi.
The Alpine-style apartments come with carpeted floors and comprise 2 bedrooms, a bathroom with shower and toilet, and an eat-in kitchen with a dining area and a sofa.
Rooms at the Alamo Inn Motel include modern furnishings and cable TV. Each room is equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
Featuring an extensive garden with outdoor furniture, a swimming pool and children’s playground, Hotel Posada Koniapan is located 50 metres from the Catemaco Lake shores and 3 km from the city centre.
Lugano Centre Room offers accommodation in Lugano.
Echo Beach is 3.7 km from Villa Leon.
Appartamenti Museo is located in Verona’s centre, around a 10-minute walk from Verona Arena and the city’s cathedral.
Car rental and laundry services are available.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
It consists of 3 bedrooms and a seating area with TV and DVD player. There is also a private bathroom, a washing machine and tumble drier as well as a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a terrace.
There is also a News Bar and a Coffee House for a large choice of drinks, snacks, pastry and tapas.
Offering parquet floor, the apartments feature a fully equipped kitchen with oven, stove and microwave, a living room with floor-to-ceiling windows and flat-screen TV and a bathroom fitted with shower and hairdryer.
Offering an outdoor pool, Tony's Place Ayutthaya is located in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya. Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Set in Budapest, Winston Wolf's - Parlament offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi.
A bus stop is 100 metres away, while Primorskaya Metro Station is 2 km from the hotel.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
Guests can enjoy a massage or just relax at the sauna.
Guests can enjoy the beautiful mountain view from the room.
Featuring 3 bedrooms, Apartamento Cantagalo is a self-catering accommodation located in Rio de Janeiro, right in front Cantagalo Metro Station.
Carlos V hotel is located in Granada's historic city centre, only 2 minutes' walk from the popular tapas bars of Navas Street and 400 metres from the Cathedral.
It features a furnished garden with BBQ facilities and a balcony.
In the evening, savour the delicious Mediterranean cuisine on offer in the beautifully rustic surroundings of the restaurant. Willa Różana’s fine selection of wine provides the perfect accompaniment to your meal.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
Each room features a balcony with splendid views.
Restaurants, bars and cafés can be found in the centre of Playa de las Américas and around Los Cristianos’ marina, 2 km away.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Nafplion’s charming Old Town is 700 metres away.
At Cleopatra City you will find a sauna and a garden.
Hotel Río Piscina is a 5-minute drive from central Priego de Córdoba.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking.
Guests at the Algonquin Hotel Times Square can dine at Round Table, which features retro American cuisine.
Located between Le Trocadero and L’Arc de Triomphe, this sumptuous and one of a kind hotel is a temple to luxury in Neo Classical style, the popular choice of the international press.
Guests can enjoy the property's large terrace and solarium.
The Cochin International Airport is 45 km.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout, and is set a 10-minute drive from Gubbio.
Hostal Poncebos also has a vending machine for drinks.
A 5-minute walk from the beautiful Karon Beach, Pineapple Guesthouse offers air-conditioned accommodation with cable TV.
The University of North Carolina at Charlotte and Lowe's Motor Speedway are only minutes from this Charlotte, North Carolina hotel that features an outdoor pool and an on-site restaurant.
The rooms have their own private bathroom, fitted with a bathtub or a shower.
Towels are provided.
A small selection of shops, cafés and bars can be found in Durro and in Barruera, just over 1 km away.
The city centre of Brussels can be reached within 20-minute drive.
Set amidst a blossomed garden, Maria Anastasia Studios is located in Trapezaki area of Kefalonia, within 500 metres from the sandy beach.
Reflections of Port Douglas is surrounded by the shops and restaurants on Macrossan Street.
Each has a terrace with a sofa, table and views of Salou.
There is also free Wi-Fi access available to all guests.
Located in a quiet area, the property is 10 minutes’ drive from the coast and 35 minutes’ drive from Teide National Park.
Some rooms have a balcony or an iron bed.
Guests can start their day with a freshly prepared breakfast.
It offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi and free private parking. A garden with barbecue facilities is available.
A self-contained villa with a swimming pool is also available, and located just 1km from Nikao Beach Bungalows.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Fishing is popular in the Omme River, 500 metres away.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including shopping in 3 km, restaurant in 2.5 km and the shore in 4 km.
West London Holidays is a self-catering accommodation located in London.
Legionów Train Station is 4 km away.
The nearest bus stop is located in Uue-Antsla, 2.8 km away.
Featuring a shower, the shared bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
They come with a kitchen or kitchenette with a hob and coffee maker.
The private bathroom has a bath, a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Santa Maria Novella Station is 350 metres from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
Guests can enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant or enjoy a drink at one of the bars.
The nearest airport is Central Airport, 8 km from the property.
Situated in Mojdež, 5 km from the centre of Herceg Novi, Apartments Moj Mir offers an outdoor swimming pool surrounded by sun loungers. Set in a peaceful area, it also offers free parking and a garden with a barbecue.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a tour desk and luggage storage.
This guest house offers single double, twin, triple and familiy rooms equipped with a wardrobe.
The Q Village - Poleg Beach is 200 metres from the Poleg beach in Netanya.
Free WiFi access is available. Guests can enjoy a patio with views of the Black Hills.
All Minto’s suites and studios are air-conditioned.
Free public parking is provided by Residence Inn Spokane East Valley.
Vaclav Havel Prague Airport is located 12 km away.
Scenically located beside the Lahn River, Landhotel Zum Bären is set in an historic building and offers a terrace, garden and free WiFi. A wine tavern and library can also be found on site.
The guesthouse has vending machines, selling drinks and snacks.
Located in San José del Cabo, this air-conditioned apartment is 1.3 km from San Jose Estuary.
Meals can also be served in private with room service.
With some rooms featuring a bathtub, the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Free Wi-Fi access is provided across the hotel.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, a tour desk and a vending machine.
Each guest room includes a flat-screen cable TV.
The nearest airport is Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport, 3 km from this apartment.
Featuring a garden with outdoor furniture and BBQ facilities, Guest House Kristina offers rooms with air conditioning and heating.
A laundry room with ironing board, a café and free Wi-Fi in the lobby are also available.
El Dorado International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
A tennis table is also available on site.
The rooms have a private bathroom.
Orbitur Sitava Milfontes’ accommodations include a living/dining room and a kitchenette.
You can play tennis at the property, and the area is popular for golfing.
Outdoors guests have access to a terrace and a deck with sun loungers.
The Miami Beach Convention Center is within a 2-minute drive of the hotel.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
Packed lunches can also be requested.
Guests can relax in the yard, which includes a seating area.
Each with a kitchenette, all units at Erietta is fitted with wooden floors and beamed ceilings.
All bright rooms provide a private bathroom and a TV. Some also have balconies with views of the impressive Jungfrau Massif.
Rooms and suites feature elegant parquet floors, air conditioning, and a flat-screen satellite TV. Free Wi-Fi is available in all rooms, and internet terminals are available in the lobby.
Certain units feature a seating area for your convenience.
Massages and beauty treatments are also available.
Suites at Bearspaw Inn Houston offer a living area, private entrance and patio.
The hotel offers a daily breakfast buffet.
Guests can enjoy Thai and western dishes at Tropicana Restaurant.
Surrounded by tropical greenery, air-conditioned rooms feature wood flooring and a seating area.
This Hampton Inn and Suites is 6 minutes from Angushire Golf Course and Crossroads Shopping Center is 3 minutes away.
The Hotel Grand Del Parco offers a large buffet breakfast. Room service is also available.
Located 4 km from the centre of Novi Ligure, Cascina Giacometta offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Armenian Opera and Ballet Theatre is 2.3 km from Apartment On Komitas 62, while Republic Square is 3.3 km from the property.
At Rekawa kandu guest house you will find a garden and shared kitchen.
You can prepare your meals here, and enjoy them in the dining area.
Horse riding can be organised by the hotel, while children can spend their time in the garden features a playground.
A cross-country ski slope (illuminated during the night) is available in front of the property.
A 24-hour reception is on site at the Jonesboro Southside Inn for added convenience as well as vending machines for snacks and drinks. Free parking is possible on site at this pet-friendly hotel.
Featuring a shared lounge, B&B Il Satiro is located 400 metres from the port in Porto Torres.
Wi-Fi is free in public areas.
At Hoa Chinh Hotel, guests can rent a bicycle/car to explore the vicinity, while the tour desk can assist with ticketing and sightseeing arrangements.
Featuring towels, private bathrooms also come with linen.
There are also many hiking and cycling tracks beginning in the garden and Rede Golf Course is only a 10-minute drive away.
The property offers free private parking.
Spiti tis Phanous is 500 metres from a super market and 3 km from a restaurant.
Located in the heart of Coyoacán, one of the most emblematic districts in Mexico City, Pug Seal Boutique B&B Coyoacan offers bicycles on loan and free WiFi access throughout.
A seating area and an en suite bathroom are included in the bungalows.
Located in Honfleur, Aux Fontaines is 20 metres from a bus station and a supermarket.
Located in Bagnols-sur-Cèze, Hôtel Des Sports offers air-conditioned accommodation with an on-site bar with a terrace. Free Wi-Fi access is provided throughout the hotel.
There is free parking on site.
For an indulgent experience, head to the Anantara spa for Ayurvedic remedies, massages and a variety of body treatments.
Tickets are available at the front desk for the Monterey Bay Aquarium.
Located in the centre of Pula, Guesthouse Zona is only 500 metres away from the famous Roman Amphitheatre.
In the summer time, guests can enjoy sunbathing and swimming in a big artificial lake in the town Jablonec nad Nisou.
Free parking is provided by Ferienwohnung im Hanfgarten.
The A3 motorway can be reached in 6 minutes, and free private parking is available at Landhotel Fernblick.
Free WiFi is provided.
This villa with free Wi-Fi and air conditioning offers outdoor seating and dining areas and a living room with a TV. There is also a kitchen, complete with an oven, washing machine, and dishwasher.
The property can help guests arrange activities like snorkelling and fishing.
Moskovsky Train Station is 7 km from the property.
HomeRez - Apartment Résidence Le Galion offers accommodation in Dinard.
Maria do Mar offers a communal TV room with cable channels, as well as an outdoor kiosk and a shared area with a microwave and an oven.
Ajaccio – Napoléon Bonaparte Airport is located 19 km away.
Hotel San Giuseppe provides free parking and is a 10-minute drive from Como and Chiasso.
Featuring an outdoor hot tub, it offers self-catering accommodation with a fireplace.
A variety of restaurants are located within a 5-minute walk of the property.
Breakfast can be arranged upon a prior request and for a surcharge.
The property offers entertainment staff, meeting facilities and a shared lounge.
Palau de la Música Concert Hall and Las Ramblas are both within a 5-minute walk from the Urquinaona apartments, or 20 minutes from the Provença apartment.
The air-conditioned villa will provide you with air conditioning, dining area and a living room.
Every unit features a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Free private parking is available on site.
Coffee service is provided around the clock.
The hotel is 12 km from Ribeirão Preto Airport, 5 km away Ribeirão Preto Shoppoing Centre and 200 metres from Santa Ursula Shopping Centre.
All guest bedrooms at Pension Mellis Cluj Napoca are equipped with cable TV and a telephone.
It offers an à la carte restaurant, 24-hour reception and rooms with free internet access and flat-screen TV.
On request, freshly baked bread rolls are delivered to the door every morning.
There is a shared kitchen and a shared lounge area at the property.
A microwave and refrigerator are provided in all rooms at the Americas Best Value Inn Longmont. Each room features simple décor and includes a seating area.
There is a wide choice of restaurants in the area for lunch and dinner.
There is luggage storage space at the property.
Some units have a seating area where you can relax. A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Fasol Hostel features free WiFi throughout the property.
Each room includes a private bathroom.
Guests visiting the Europapark can buy tickets directly in the guest house.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
Situated in Adler in the Krasnodar Krai Region, 900 metres from Sochi Discovery World Aquarium, Alina Guest House boasts a children's playground and views of the garden.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The property offers free private parking on site.
Rooms and apartments at the Majestic come with a satellite flat-screen TV and carpeted or parquet floors.
Bed linen is available.
All have a private bathroom with a shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
The property is 700 metres from Amphitheatre.
The en suite rooms of the Villnerhof come with carpeted or parquet floors and light-wood furniture.
Each unit features a large flat-screen cable TV, desk and a USB device with a musical playlist in line with the room's theme.
The room offers free Wi-Fi, a seating area and coffee and tea facilities.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
The private bathrooms have a shower.
Each room has a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
Shops, bars and restaurants can be found within a 5-minute drive in Puerto Vallarta, while Puerto Vallarta International Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Courtyard Miami Downtown is 6 miles away from Art Deco Historic District.
Also on offer are a free newspaper, free parking and a guest laundry.
The spacious living areas are equipped with state-of-the-art entertainment systems.
The nearest airport is Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport, 3 km from the property.
Other facilities at Quad House 2921 include an outdoor pool.
Featuring a tranquil environment, the rooms in Luz y Fuerza feature private bathroom facilities and a cable TV.
Crnl. FAP Carlos Ciriani Santa Rosa International Airport is 5 km away.
After a busy day of sightseeing or meetings, guests can relax in Windsor’s popular Barrel Bar.
A variety of dining options and supermarkets can be found within a 10-minute walk from Apartment Khavskaya.
All the rooms of the Hermes Hotel have Aegean Sea views.
Phuket International Airport is 29 km away.
Terminal 2 Subway Station (Airport Line) is 800 metres from the property, while the China International Exhibition Centre is a 5-minute drive away.
The apartments at Les Jardins d' Harmonia feature spacious terraces with mountain-views and all the necessary equipment for a fine holiday in the Catalan region.
You will find luggage storage space at the property.
Each air-conditioned room comes with a wardrobe, a sofa and a private bathroom with a bath or a shower plus free toiletries and a bidet.
Thomas Bay on Malta Island, Corsaire offers apartments with free Wi-Fi and a dishwasher.
Riva del Garda is a 20-minute drive from Simona Appartamento, while Folgaria Ski Area is 60 km away.
Room service is available only for limited hours.
Baan Suay 12 is 600 metre from The Plaza Surin and 1.1 km from Bang Tao Temple.
The rooms and suites at Taxim Unique Residence come with a flat-screen TV.
Apartments feature a balcony with outdoor seating, simple décor and tile floors.
Free WiFi is available on site.
This Louisiana motel is located 4 miles from Lake Charles in the Calcasieu Parish.
Free private parking is available on site.
Located right in London's city centre, 4 Bedroom Westminster offers a self-catering townhouse with free WiFi access throughout 400 metres from Westminster Abbey and 600 metres from the Houses of Parliament.
Located in Paris, Hotel Le Meditel is 43 metres from Pasteur Metro Station, which leads directly to the Eiffel Tower.
A flat-screen TV, a dining area and a seating area are further amenities.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Wadi Gnai is a 20-minute drive from Dahab, and is perfect for rock climbing.
Apartments Soleil Playa 5 offers accommodation in Tossa de Mar, 700 metres from Tossa de Mar Castle.
Located in Encamp, PC Apartaments Picasso features a balcony with street views. The property is 2 km from Funicamp.
Hostal Sant Pau offers accommodation in Barcelona close to Hospital de Sant Pau.
Located in Villefranche-sur-Mer, Petit Coin de Paradis Entre Nice et Monaco is set within a flowered park and offers an outdoor swimming pool with panoramic views.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 16 km from the property.
The water is 100 m away.
Free WiFi access is available.
At Flat Carvalho Nelson you will find a garden.
They have a TV and fridge. The private bathrooms offer a shower and free toiletries.
Free WiFi is available throughout this property.
It features a lush garden with barbecue facilities and a shared terrace for all guests.
Secundrabad Railway Station is 15 km and Rajiv Gandhi International Airport is 28 km away.
All rooms are equipped with a TV.
Centre of the nearest village Ražanj is 1.5 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Offering a sauna and fitness centre, Apartamentos Gaira is set in Bucaramanga in the Santander Region, 31 km from Cañon del Chicamocha.
Each room at this property is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
In the evening, the hosts can also prepare their speciality seafood platters if you reserve in advance.
Pardubice is 12 km away.
The extension has been added to the original farm building, keeping the traditional design.
In the spacious garden there are olive trees and various terraces and seating areas, as well as a barbecue.
Luggage storage and surcharged airport shuttle service are provided as well.
Guests can sample a-la-carte breakfast and later enjoy a meal at the on-site restaurant serving local, Mediterranean and international cuisine.
The classic-style rooms feature a fan, seating area and flat-screen TV.
Fine Arts Museum is 300 metres from The Place.
The bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
A breakfast buffet including fresh fruit and pastries is served daily.
A cable TV is offered in all units at Kenosee Inn & Cabins. A refrigerator, a coffee maker and an en suite bathroom are included.
There are also rooms available for disabled guests.
Guests can benefit from free, covered parking facilities.
Each apartment has a living area with a flat-screen TV, and a kitchen equipped with a dishwasher and a microwave. All are located around a communal patio.
Ubeda is 38 km from Cortijos El Encinar and you can reach Baeza in 40 minutes by car.
Facilities such as ski storage are offered at the property.
Adler-Sochi International Airport is 37 km away.
You can play tennis nearby the property, where a sport centre with swimming pool and a beach is located.
The Hotel Zlaty Sloup is situated in the heart of Karlovy Vary by the Tepla river, a few steps from the famous Colonnade with the thermal springs.
Comiso Airport is 80 km away.
The Penzion Krumlov - B&B Hotel features storage facilities for motorcycles and bicycles.
Reihue Apart is 1 km from Plottier bus terminal station and 60 km from El Chocon.
The kitchen features a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop and there is a private bathroom.
Galeão/ Antonio Carlos Jobim International Airport is located 20 km away.
Business Hotel is situated in popular District One, a 10-minute walk from the City Theater and Ben Thanh Market.
Crown Hotel is a 30-minute drive to Rajapolah which is known for its handicrafts. Cipanas Galunggung Hotspring is a 45-minute drive away, while Husein Sastranegara International Airport is a 3-hour drive away.
Nouveau Siecle Convention Centre and Grand Palais Convention Centre are both 1 km away.
Free parking is offered at Port O Pierre Port Renfrew.
A sauna, a lawn bowls playing area and free private parking are provided on site.
The Königsallee shopping street is just a 10-minute drive away.
Hotel Coolhouse is a 40-minute drive from Cicada Market.
The ancient city of Olympos is a 30-minute drive from Adrasan Hotel, and the ancient city of Limyra is a 1-hour drive away.
Soyembika Tower is 3.5 km from the property.
Every morning a buffet breakfast including eggs, bacon, cold cuts, cheese, fresh fruit and sweet options is served.
The modern, creative restaurant uses local organic ingredients.
Bentota is 21 km from R Degrees, while Galle is 30 km away.
The local restaurant serves a variety of cuisines, including Thai, Chinese, Indian and Japanese.
It offers apartments just 10 minutes’ drive from the nearest beach.
Views of the sea, pool or garden are featured in certain rooms.
Bois Joli guests are invited to enjoy the nearby casino or local activities such as mushroom picking, horse riding and golf.
Offering a seasonal outdoor pool and children's playground, Chambres D'Hôtes Domaine De La Brette is located in Condom, 31 km from Agen.
Free private parking is available in the yard.
The hotel also has a tour desk, where guests can book trips to the Great Barrier Reef.
Guests at the hotel can relax in the sauna.
Guests can relax in the garden compete with BBQ facilities.
It offers 24-hour reception and heated, air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
24-hour room service is also available.
Arezzo is 30 km away.
Grosseto is 21 km from the Scogliera.
Located about 5 minutes drive from Mombasa Bamburi air strip, Mei Place Apartments offers self-catering apartments and a rooftop swimming pool with sun terrace. Free Wi-Fi and on-site parking are available.
iCheck inn Residences Sathorn is 7 km from Khao San Road, 3 km from Patpong and 7 km from Grand Palace.
Breakfast is served every morning.
It houses a tennis court, and accommodation with free internet access.
Featuring an outdoor pool and a beach, Sauce Hotel is located in the centre of Kemer.
The open-plan kitchen is equipped with an oven, gas hob, coffee machine and kitchenware.
Apartment on Suvorova 42 offers pet-friendly accommodation in Kolomna, 3.8 km from Kolomna Museum of Pastila.
You can enjoy mountain view view from the house.
Surrounded by the High Tatras National Park and set by a lake between the Mengusovce and Svit towns, Chata Stella offers a self-catered accommodation with free WiFi available in all areas.
The UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Úbeda and Baeza are also within a hour’s drive of the property.
The air-conditioned rooms at Providence provide views of the countryside.
Free WiFi access is available.
Staff can also facilitate laundry and ironing services upon request.
All units have a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Vila Cristalfrost features a dining area where guests can enjoy their breakfast every day.
Offering a terrace and ski storage space, Haus Dawinspitzblick is set in Pians.
You can enjoy a sea and a pool view.
A continental breakfast buffet is served daily in the breakfast room or in the bedroom upon request.
Appartement sur La Route des Vins is a self-catering apartment in Cernay on the Alsace Wine Route, just 17 km from Mulhouse.
The bar offers a selection of soft drinks and Moravian wine.
A 5-minute walk from Sairee Beach, Sairee Seaview Hotel Koh Tao offers simply furnished accommodation with en suite bathrooms.
All the apartments of In The City offer a living room with a sofa bed, a fully equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with towels and toiletries.
Iguaçu Waterfalls National Park is 22 km from this property, while both Foz do Iguaçu Airport and Bus Station are within 20 km .
Conwy Castle is just 16 miles away.
Corso Vannucci is 2.2 km from La Casa degli Elefanti, while Piazza IV Novembre is 2.2 km away.
Apartments at Molens Goethals have private bathrooms.
The 2-bedroom apartments at Beach Place hotel provide a full kitchen equipped with a microwave, stove, oven and kitchenware.
Offering a restaurant, free breakfast and dinner, and free private parking, Finca Guadalupe is located 15 minutes’ drive from San Cristóbal Airport and 15 minutes’ walk from Playa La Honda Beach.
The adults-only resort features the famous Champneys Spa, with a grand swimming pool, spa pools and steam rooms.
A washing machine and private bathroom with a hairdryer is also included.
Visit the famous Greek theatre, the Roman villa and the Sanctuary of the Black Virgin. Other renowned destinations such as Capo Calavà, Milazzo, Taormina, Mount Etna and Cefalù, as well as the Aeolian Islands, can be reached either independently or by tours organized by the hotel.
Free parking is available and guests can also request to have a late check-out.
Certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Each has a satellite TV and a kitchenette with cooking hobs and a dining table, while some include a living room.
Desenzano del Garda and Peschiera del Garda can be reached in 15 minutes by car, while Sirmione is 5 km away.
Free WiFi access is available in public areas.
A variety of cafés and restaurants can be found within a 15-minute walk of the hostel.
Brunico can be reached in 10 minutes by car. The Plan de Corones ski slopes are 2 km from the farm.
Room service is available.
Towels and linen are provided.
Oludeniz Suite Hotel also includes a seasonal outdoor pool. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
It offers room service and free Wi-Fi.
Bravo Lake is 10 km away. Sequoia National Park is 25 minutes’ drive to Plantation Bed & Breakfast.
Decorated with traditional artefacts, the stylish studios and apartments feature a functional kitchen and small dining table.
The hotel is 800 metres from Gare de l'Est Metro Station, 1 km from Gare du Nord and 1.3 km from Place de la République.
The motorway to Portugal is about 20 minutes’ drive from the camp ground.
This holiday home is 75km from Billund Airport.
A wide variety of drinks can be enjoyed in the bar.
The nearest airport is Krakow - Balice Airport, 35 km from Modern apartment Stella 2.
Guests can find various bars and clubs in the centre of Himara.
Thongsala Walking Street is 1.5 km from First and Frang Hotel, while Thongsala Pier is 1.6 km away.
You can sunbathe on the terrace or enjoy a drink at the bar.
Krabi Airport is a 30-minute drive from the property.
All rooms come with a wardrobe and a desk.
Louvre Museum is 700 metres away.
The apartment is 3.6 km from MSW Hospital i Gdańsk.
A full English breakfast is served in the dining room on request.
Other restaurants and stores can be found within walking distance of Hotel Limited-co.
It takes 15 minutes by car to reach Luotung Railway Station.
Additionally there are bicycle and car rental services available for those willing to explore the city.
Mendoza Airport is 90 km away.
This 3-star Superior hotel in Chemnitz offers a panoramic restaurant and direct access to the Stadthalle congress centre.
There is a 24-hour front desk and fitness centre at the property, as well as a spa.
The nearest airport is Marseille Provence Airport, 21 km from the property.
The rooms also have flat-screen satellite TV, small fridge and bathroom with shower.
Breakfast can also be served in the room upon request.
Pattaya Floating Market is 4 km from Villa Navin Residence, while Mimosa Pattaya is 7 km away.
Every morning, guests can enjoy a full English breakfast in Pelagus House’s breakfast room.
Free WiFi access is available in the guest rooms.
Free private parking is available on site.
The centre of Neustift im Stubaital is 1.5 km away and the Freizeitzentrum Neustift indoor and outdoor pool is 600 metres away.
Each also includes a private bathroom with a bath or a shower.
This hotel is located in the village of Pargolovo, 700 metres from the Shuvalovsky Park.
Modern shared bathroom facilities are available for guests’ use.
Sozopol’s Old Town is 700 metres away.
The hotel features a full service business centre for professional needs.
Stortorget Square is 70 metres away.
It offers open-plan studios with elegant décor and modern bathrooms.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
They both have a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The coast of the South Iceland is only a 5-minute walk away.
A gym and business center make up part of the facilities at this Guadalajara Hotel Puerta del Sol.
Studios and apartments feature terracotta floors, a fully equipped kitchenette with fridge, and a TV with satellite channels.
Step out, you may find a variety of local restaurants in the surrounding area.
Keep in shape on holiday with a trip to the fitness centre, or de-stress in the hotel steam room.
Each features an open-plan kitchen with seating and dining area, fridge, washing machine and electric oven with cooking hobs.
The elegantly decorated apartments offer scenic views of Baden-Baden and the Black Forest as well as free WiFi.
Condominio Privado Mantagua offers guests access to the communal sauna and fitness centre at a surcharge. .
A work desk is furnished in each room at Scottish Inns Weatherford.
The apartment is located on the ground floor.
Standing on the hillsides of Kata, this tranquil resort offers warm service and enjoys panoramic views of Phuket’s Kata Beach, which is just 5 to 10 minutes’ walk away.
Free WiFi is available in the reception area.
Free on-site car parking is available.
Each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Information on day trips and local attractions are available at the tour desk.
Guests can prepare their meals in a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
With air conditioning, the apartment comes with a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen TV. It has an equipped kitchen and a washing machine is available, as well.
In gardens and mature woodland, 4-star Hunters Quay Hotel is a beautifully restored Victorian villa, with free Wi-Fi.
Pinto Martins Airport is 49 km away.
Hotel Thi Thao Gardenia is a 10-minute walk from Dalat Market.
Located in Miramar, Villa la Boquita offers an outdoor swimming pool and a private beach area. This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
Wenceslas Square is 700 meters from the property, while Charles Bridge is 1 km away.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
The property has water sports facilities and bike hire is available.
Apartamenty Pod Aniołami is situated in the centre of Kraków, just 450 metres from the Main Market Square.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Hannover is 12 km from ibis budget Hannover Garbsen.
Hostal Cristina is 150 metres from the beach in Chipiona, on the Costa de la Luz.
Situated 400 metres from Eagle Bahn Gondola -19 and 700 metres from Adventure Ridge, Ritz Carlton Residence Vail offers accommodation in Vail. The unit is 1.2 km from Pride Express -26.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
The spa features a sauna and hot tub, and offers a range of treatments including massage.
A private bathroom provides a shower.
Located a 10-minute walk away from the beach, Surf Town Morocco features a view of the sea, a surf school and air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The guesthouse is a 3-minute walk from Pattaya Hospital.
Guests can enjoy food and drink on site at the restaurant and bar.
The area offers good hiking and biking possibilities.
Direct trains run to Munich Main Station in 5 minutes.
All apartment feature a living area with a flat-screen satellite TV and a DVD player. as well as a kitchen with a dining area.
A range of massages are available.
Overlooking Poetto Beach, Hotel Nautilus is located in Cagliari.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV, work desk and a stylish bathroom.
You can engage in various activities, such as skiing and hiking.
Boat rental is also available.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service and laundry facilities.
The shopping street of Via Candia is 600 metres from the property.
After a dip in the whirlpool, guests can enjoy a salad or pasta besides a charming indoor fountain and lots of plants.
It also features and on-site restaurant.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a minibar.
We are situated in a pleasant and lovely village with all facilities near by (grocer’s, butcher’s, casino, news stand, tobacconist’s, chemist’s and doctor).
Local cuisine can be enjoyed at the on-site Twelve Time Restaurant.
Zagreb Airport is located 12 km away.
The private bathroom includes a shower.
At this altitude there are no mosquitoes or snakes, the air is fresh and pleasant.
There is also a dining area and garden views.
Villa Sosi is 1.5 km from the beach in Kanegra and 10 minutes’ drive from Umag’s centre.
Coffee and Resort is a short walk from the beach, the island's main pier and Ko Phayam Temple.
BBQ facilities and outdoor dining feature on the spacious sun terrace.
Hairdryer and ironing facilities are available on request.
Fitted with an equipped kitchenette, this air-conditioned holiday home at Villa Cala Rossa will provide you with a seating area complete with armchiars, sofas and a TV.
Featuring furnished terraces with countryside views, a garden with outdoor swimming pool, and an outdoor barbecue and dining area, Holiday Villa Graciosa located 4 km from the coastal town and beaches of Calp.
This 5-star boutique resort is set on 100 acres, just 2 km from Merimbula. Merimbula Main Beach is a 5-minute drive away.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
When the sun sets, be entertained by live musicians.
Luxury Towers Unique Boutique Suites is a 2-minute walk from Arpico Supermarket and a 10-minute walk from Odel Shopping Mall.
Puerto Escondido town centre is around 1 km away.
Suurlaht Lake is 5 km away.
Cheltenham can be reached in around 30 minutes by car.
All rooms come with a terrace, a TV with cable channels, a refrigerator, and a bathroom with a shower.
Located 1 km from Samgori Metro Station in Tbilisi, Crossway Hotel offers a 24-hour front desk, garden and shared kitchen. Free WiFi and free private parking are available on site.
It takes 10 minutes by taxi to Guangzhou Railway Station. Baiyun International Airport is about 40 minutes' drive away.
With wood furnishings and parquet floors, the unit is fitted with a kitchen with a microwave and stovetop.
Oasis studios are simply furnished with tiled floors.
All rooms in this historic building dating back to 1425 feature new soundproofed windows.
Massages and free WiFi in public areas are offered, and ski passes are available on site.
Free private parking is available on site.
Every room includes a flat-screen TV, a balcony and a private bathroom with bathtub and shower.
The rooms are done in warm colours, and each one has wooden furniture that includes a work desk.
The nearest Airport is Hangzhou Xiaoshan Airport, a 1-hour car journey away.
Bedrooms at the Juanito Hotel are comfortable and elegant.
Each guest room comprises hardwood floors, a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a wardrobe.
Rooms here include satellite flat-screen TV, a minibar, and an electric kettle.
Featuring 2 bathrooms, this apartment comes with 2 bedrooms, one with a double bed and the other with 2 single beds.
Extras include bed linen.
Guests can dine in the hotel's restaurant.
A barbecuing area is provided outside.
They are equipped with cable TV, a minibar and private bathroom facilities.
In the morning you can relax on the sunny terrace.
Featuring an outdoor swimming pool, a 14-person hot tub and a 9-hole putting green, this hotel is 15 minutes’ drive from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.
Featuring a bath or shower, the private bathroom also comes with a bathrobe and a hairdryer.
The reception offers tickets for a wide range of sightseeing tours, to the thermal baths, concerts and other cultural programs.
Guests can enjoy a swim in the indoor pool or relax in the hot tub at Northwest Bismarck Hampton Inn and Suites.
There are also a range of bars and refreshments can be enjoyed throughout the day.
Every room at this hotel is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Bibbiena is 13 km away.
The Pension Am Klinikum apartments include a kitchen fitted with a coffee machine.
The Connaught Place Market is approximately 10 km away, while New Delhi International Airport is within a 12 km radius.
Hostel Stadion Trud is located in Arkhangelsk, 300 metres from Lomonosov Park.
The air-conditioned rooms feature carpeted floors, a fridge and an electric kettle with green tea bags.
Some rooms are accessible to disabled guests and some have a fully equipped kitchenette.
Set in the spa town and winter sports resort of Altenau, this hotel enjoys great views of the Harz Mountains.
The historic city centre, where you can find Plaza España Square and Sevilla Cathedral, is 6 km from the property.
Extras include slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The famous steam train of Pilio that goes to the scenic village of Milies, stops within a 10-minute walk from the property.
This guest house is 400 metres from Tsunami Memorial - Rue Tor 813, 11.5 km from Tublamu Pier and 600 metres from Bangnieng Afternoon Market.
Featuring BBQ facilities, Pousada Marvel is located in Florianópolis, 500 metres from Ingleses Beach. Free WiFi access is available.
Penang International Airport is 14 km away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and a bath or shower.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, a tour desk and an ironing service.
Belorusskiy Train Station with shuttle trains to Sheremetyevo Airport is just 1 metro stop away.
Guests can organise day trips at tour desk, or rent a car to explore the surroundings.
The Leonor’s spa includes a hot tub and Turkish bath.
Just off the M6, this Premier Inn hotel is 8-10 minutes' drive from Preston Golf Club and Deepdale (for Preston North End FC).
The Georgia Trail at Sugarloaf, a golf course, is 5 minutes' drive from the Hyatt Place Hotel.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Guests can prepare meals at the well-equipped kitchen.
The modern and private bathrooms are fitted with hairdryer and slippers.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
This can be enjoyed outdoors, with views of the valley.
Set in the historic centre of Marsala, B&B Libertà Marsala offers classic-style accommodation with air conditioning.
The bright rooms at Subira House have either a patio or a balcony and some have sea views and free Wi-Fi.
Seaside Flower Villa is situated in Diaolongzui, only steps from the beach.
It has indoor/outdoor dining areas and a lounge area with a flat-screen TV and DVD player.
Free private parking and ski storage is offered on site.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
Guests can also relax in the Costa Coffee Lounge, with ample seating space and daily newspapers.
The Peneda-Geres national Park is 40 km away.
Offering a year-round outdoor pool, Tyne Beach Terrace is set in the beach in Freeport in the Grand Bahama Region.
Guests can head to the front desk for airport shuttle, laundry, tour arrangement and ticketing services.
Free toiletries and a hairdryer are provided.
The town of Knysna is a 20-minute walk away and the George Airport is 73 km from Thesen Islands.
A washing machine and a dining area are also provided.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Barefoot Gallery is 1.2 km away while the British Council is 1.6 km from the property.
Offering rooms with free high-speed internet, Crown Regency Residences Cebu is a 5-minute walk from the Cebu Provincial Capitol.
Situated in the heart of Apollo Bay, Best Western Apollo Bay Motel & Apartments is a 20-minute drive from the Otway National Park, and a 4-minute walk from Apollo Bay Museum.
Offering air-conditioned rooms with a balcony, flat-screen TV and en suite bathroom, Hotel Edelweiss is 350 metres from Fogliano Marina's sandy beach.
Gelendzhik Airport is 81 km away.
Funchal city centre is 5 minutes’ driving from the apartment, and Girão Cape is 20 km away.
Apartaments Garrotxa is located 600 metres from L’Estartit’s beaches.
Located in the historic centre of Carlota, 30 km from Cordoba, the modern Hospederia Laredo offers free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Towels and bed linen are available.
Located in the Lille University area, B&B Lille Lezennes Grand Stade is 6 km from the city centre.
All rooms have heating, free Wi-Fi, a TV and a private bathroom.
Golden Tulip Hotel De Reiskoffer, a former monastery, is now rebuilt into a modern 4-star hotel.
The popular sandy beach of San Benedetto Del Tronto can be reached in 25 minutes by car.
Featuring free WiFi and a restaurant, Ji'an Business Hotel offers accommodation in Ji'an. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
You can play tennis and mini-golf at the property, and the area is popular for golfing and diving.
Some units have a dining area and/or terrace.
The rooms at Hotel Galanthus & Spa feature a modern décor and heating. They include satellite TV, free Wi-Fi, a minibar and a safe.
Some rooms are complete with a private bathroom, while others include shared bathroom facilities.
The nearest golf course, Manston Golf Centre, is 3.2 miles away.
Rüdesheim am Rhein's train station is 750 metres away, and Frankfurt am Main is 60 km away.
Guests can take a seat in the open-air café in warm weather.
Surrounded by lush gardens on the island of Cozumel, Villa Escondida B&B offers free Wi-Fi, an outdoor swimming pool and a terrace.
Tents are equipped with chandelier, barbecue, hammock and patio seating.
The boats, which are not available during daytime, are equipped with a fridge, stove and a toilet.
Both are equipped with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Pine Tree Hotel is located in Batu Pahat, Johor, a 5-minute drive from shopping at Batu Pahat Mall, Summit Mall and Carrefour.
National Coffee Park and Panaca are 25 minutes away by car, while El Eden International Airport is just 3 km away.
Breakfast is included daily.
The nearest airport is Elefthérios Venizélos Airport, 37 km from the property.
Every room comes with a private bathroom. A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is provided.
The nearest airport is Krabi Airport, 52 km from the property.
There is also a convenience store, and 24-hour reception services are offered.
Free WiFi access is available.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
A fan, a washing machine and a tumble dryer are provided at Paris Père Lachaise. The bathroom is complete with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Shiva Cottages is set in Mandrem, 12 km from Calangute and 20 km from Panaji.
The air-conditioned apartment features a flat-screen TV, balcony and washing machine.
Guests can enjoy their meal on the outdoor terrace.
Set in Odessa, this air-conditioned apartment features a balcony.
All rooms come with a flat-screen cable TV, an electric kettle, a work desk and a seating area with a sofa.
Blending different styles, individually decorated rooms feature typical Canarian whitewashed walls, dark woods and ceramic plate tiles.
Špilberk Castle is 5 km away.
Towels are provided.
Set within the luxury Cap Cana residential complex, the property is just 900 metres from Punta Espada and a 5-minute drive from Playa Juanillo Beach.
Private parking is free.
They can also enjoy themselves reading a book from the library or benefit from spa treatments in their rooms.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with dishwasher.
Upon request and against surcharge, a boat trip to Ropotamo forest as well as sight seeing tours and ATV rentals can be organised.
The living room features a flat-screen satellite TV.
At Kreslini you will find a garden and barbecue facilities. Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, a shared lounge and a games room.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
The nearest airport is Nice Côte d'Azur Airport, 10 km away.
Haus Oasis is built on a rock and is accessible through a tunnel and by lift.
All rooms come with free wired internet, Naxi-style decoration and cultural fabrics.
Hofgut Sturm is located directly next to the A66 and B42 motorways, offering fast connections to Frankfurt am Main (40 km), Wiesbaden (10 km) and Mainz (15 km).
Fitted with a balcony, each room features a choice of air conditioning or fan.
It offers a private beach, an outdoor pool and various sports facilities.
Located just 100 metres from Limenas Port, Dolphins Apartments offers rooms and apartments that open to a balcony with mountain views.
C & N Resort and Spa boasts an outdoor pool with a grotto with panoramic views of Patong. Just 500 metres from lively Patong Beach, it provides air-conditioned rooms with cable TV.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
It comes with a flat-screen satellite TV, DVD player and dining table.
The house will provide you with a satellite flat-screen TV and a kitchen with a microwave.
Colmar Train Station is 23 km away and Mulhouse is a 25-minute drive away.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
The nearest bus stop is 100 metres away and the tram station is 200 metres away.
Holy Mother Virgins Nativity Cathedral is 600 metres from Apartments Odisea.
Located in Ahmedabad, 11 km from Gandhi Ashram, Hotel Arya Corporate features free WiFi access and free private parking.
Cable TV with VCR or DVD is also available.
The guesthouse is just 800 metres from Balinsasayaw Restaurant - Rizal and 900 metres from Palawan Museum.
The popular surfing spots at Medewi Beach are within 20 minutes’ drive from the property, while Ngurah Rai International Airport is a 1.5-hour drive away.
Adventureland Theme Park and Landmark Park, a living history farm, are a 10-minute drive from this Sleep Inn Dothan.
All rooms feature a view of the mountains, a wardrobe, seating area and wooden flooring.
A 24-hour front desk and laundry services are available at Baymont Inn & Suites St. Joseph.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 3 km from the property.
Free parking and free Wi-Fi in public areas are provided.
Horsens Train Station is 5 minutes’ drive away.
Some rooms have a balcony.
All rooms are functionally-furnished, equipped with a flat-screen cable TV and a private bathroom with a shower.
Free private parking is available on site.
The complex consists of studios, apartments and maisonettes.
For more dining options, traditional Istrian cuisine restaurants can be found in the historic Barban, 6 km away.
At Nysa Hotel you will find a tennis court, communal sauna and a hammam.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing and hiking.
Many of the rooms have views over the gardens, while a number of which have private balconies.
Heating is available in the rooms for a surcharge.
Private bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
Built in traditional Cycladic architecture, Santorini Mansion at Imerovigli is centrally located in the village.
Set over 3 levels, Manoir de la Salamandre features comfortable rooms with an elegant decor, some including a four-poster bed.
This hotel is located in Novosibirsk, just a 5-minute walk from Sibir Ice Arena.
Total relaxation is guaranteed in the hotel’s reading lounge with fireplace, antique pieces of furniture and Persian rugs.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including horse riding and hiking.
They have cable TV and a safety deposit box.
Other facilities like a vending machine are offered.
Car rental can be arranged.
Barbecue facilities are available for a charge as well.
Local dishes, as well as a breakfast buffet, are available at the hotel’s restaurant.
A buffet breakfast is served every morning in the dining room at the Astrid Hotel.
Guests can relax in the garden and enjoy a daily breakfast.
The seaside town of Herceg Novi is 10 km away, while the UNESCO protected Old Town Kotor is 20 km away.
Raggio Di Sole is located in Alghero, 50 metres from the beach. It offers self-catering accommodation and rooms with Tyrrhenian Sea views.
Triple Creek Park is 3 miles away.
A grocery shop can be found 1 km from the property.
En suite bathrooms come with a bathtub, shower facilities and hairdryer.
Guests benefit from terrace.
Breakfast is available on request.
Fitted with bath or shower and period furniture, they overlook the park or the courtyard.
Several breakfast menus are available.
Pets are welcome at Ferienbungalow Renate.
Villa Sundara is 500 metres from Tanah Lot Temple.
Apartments also include a kitchen, and fresh bread rolls can be delivered every morning.
Pike Place Market is 900 metres from Seattle Eminence Apartment, while Pike Place Market is 1 km from the property.
The nearest bus stop is 50 metres away for buses into Riccione centre and to Rimini.
Thai and European dishes are offered at the restaurant by the street.
A private patio with ocean view, free WiFi, a seating area with cable TV, and a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave are included in this 2-bedroom apartment.
It is only a 10-minute drive to Vall d’Or Golf Course, and several west coast beaches, such as Cala Romántica.
Within a 5-minute walk you can reach the centre of the Katschberghöhe village, situated at 1641 metres above sea level.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for horse riding.
The restaurant serves Indian specialities, along with Chinese and European delights.
The Franchi is within a 15-minute drive of Piazza della Signoria square and Uffizi Gallery.
The town’s centre is a 10-minute walk away.
Room service options are available as well.
An elegant lounge and TV room is available, while live entertainment is offered in the lounge bar.
Offering affordable accommodation, Thai Guesthouse has Thai massage, free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests at Casibari Villa will find a variety of restaurants 3 minutes’ drive away.
This property features also a children’s playground, kid’s club and a souvenir shop.
Apartment South Prague offers accommodation in Prague. The property is 10 km from Vyšehrad and free private parking is offered.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the bar and have a night out at the private night club.
Guests can watch satellite TV, wash their laundry in a washing machine and park their vehicle on site.
Each also includes a washing machine and a dishwasher.
You can enjoy city view.
Civita di Bagnoregio is a 40-minute drive away.
There is a shared lounge at the property.
Safety deposit boxes are available at the front desk.
Ernakulam North Railway Station is 12 km away.
A dishwasher and an oven can be found in the kitchenette.
Providing views of Brno, Accommodation Brno Terrace is located 200 metres from the Botanical Garden and provides modern equipped apartments with free WiFi.
Massages are also available upon request.
Qingdao Beach Castle Hotel is housed within a German-style castle.
Refreshing drinks can be enjoyed at the bar.
A TV, iron and hairdryer are also included.
It also has both indoor and outdoor dining areas.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave and there is a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Hostal Julian is located in Toro’s historic town, within walking distance of Toro’s main tourist attractions.
Inverness city centre is just one mile away.
Nestled in Kampung Panjut, Tang Dynasty Lodge Tuaran offers simple and comfy rooms with free WiFi access.
The in-house multi-cuisine restaurant serves Indian, Chinese and continental dishes.
Room service is also available.
Situated in a prime location on Lockyers Quay, opposite the National Marine Aquarium, Premier Inn Plymouth City has a Table Table restaurant, parking and great beds.
Air-conditioned, bright rooms boast wood-beamed ceilings and wrought-iron beds.
Located in a gorgeous park opposite to São Bernardo Lake, this hotel is set in a building from the 1930s.
Public transport around the city is convenient, with Sagrada Familia Metro a 5-minute walk away, and numerous bus routes available.
Free WiFi is available.
Free Wi-Fi is included.
The hotel has a bicycle rental and free Wi-Fi is available.
The rooms at Guesthouse Liedags feature wooden floors and a bathroom.
You will find dry cleaning services at the property.
There are also an on-site minimarket and breakfast is served in the room.
The Smokey Mountain Gold and Ruby Mine is located 1.6 miles away.
This Parador is located on the famous El Saler golf course, within a coastal nature reserve.
The hotel has a barbecue and sun terrace, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
Featuring a hairdryer, the bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
A full kitchen comprises an oven, a dishwasher, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a dining area.
A bus stop is situated a 2-minute walk away, where the bus goes to central Prague.
The Pontile della Sanità Ovest pier, where ferries and hydrofoils leave for Cagliari, Civitavecchia and the Aegadian Islands, is a 2-minute walk from Medi Selection Apartments.
Hotel's restaurant serves a variety of dishes.
Every morning, a continental breakfast is served in the breakfast room.
Savoie grand Revard is a 15-minute drive away.
All have en suite bathrooms and open out onto stunning landscape views.
Parking on site is free of charge, and barbecue facilities can also be used at the Zelena Vrata.
This Austell, GA hotel is also minutes away from downtown Atlanta and popular attractions like the Georgia Aquarium, the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, Zoo Atlanta and the Georgia Dome multipurpose venue.
Veracruz International Airport can be reached in a 50-minute drive, and Veracruz is 45 minutes’ drive away.
All rooms come with mosquito nets and TV’s.
Each accommodation also includes a kitchen with microwave and refrigerator.
All the rooms are air-conditioned and some of them have views of the sea or Canet-en-Roussillon Lake.
At this completely non-smoking hotel in Washington, Pennsylvania, a free hot breakfast and free high-speed internet access are available.
Room service, grocery delivery, packed lunches and breakfasts in the room are provided upon request.
Memory Hotel’s restaurant serves European and Asian dishes.
Located in the heart of Izmir, this property self-catering suites with a flat-screen TV and refrigerators stocked with free welcome drinks.
You can engage in various activities, such as snorkelling and fishing.
Barbecue facilities are also available.
Some rooms have a balcony and a garden view.
The kitchen features a microwave, a fridge and a stovetop, as well as a kettle.
The property offers free parking.
The ski centre of Seli is 22 km away.
The Varanasi Cantt Railway Station and Varanasi Bus Station are both 4 km from the property while the Lal Bahadur Shastri International Airport is 25 km away.
The Zillertal Erlebnistherme Thermal Spa in Fügen is 15 km away.
Located a 7-minute walk from Osaka Uehonmachi Subway Station (Kintetsu Line) and a 5-minute walk from Shitennojimae Yuhigaoka Subway Station, Hotel International House Osaka offers rooms with free WiFi and an on-site restaurant.
La Raya Hot Springs are 30 km away.
The pool area is surrounded by a terrace with loungers.
The fully equipped kitchen is fitted with fridge, stove and microwave.
Port-au-Prince International Airport is 45 km away.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
Chargeable airport shuttle service is provided.
Blue Karma Hotel offers a selection of modern air-conditioned villas with a private pool and free Wi-Fi. Located in Seminyak, Bali, it also provides a library, restaurant and free drop-off service to Seminyak Beach.
This white-washed building with blue frames offers an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi throughout the venue.
Some spacious rooms are located in the main tower, while many are individual cottages with 2 floors and a private wooden bath.
Guests can cook their meals in the fully equipped kitchen, complete with a dining area.
Featuring city views, apartment units are air-conditioned, and offer living and dining areas, as well as a kitchenette with a fridge, kitchenware and an electric kettle.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Set in Costermano, which lies just a few kilometres away from the lake, the hotel was once the homestead of a thriving farm belonging to the noble family of Becelli from Garda.
The villa is fully-equipped with a kitchen, a living room with a wood pellet oven, a large games room including a pool table, a terrace, a patio and a garden.
Hannover Airport is 13 km from the property.
Featuring an outdoor pool with sun-lounger terrace, the family-run Sigal Villa offers spacious, two-storey apartments with private terraces overlooking the famous Santorini Caldera, the volcano and the pool.
The nearest supermarket is 450 metres from the apartments.
At Hotel Venus you will find a 24-hour front desk, barbecue facilities and a terrace. Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service and tour desk.
Woods serves Indian delights, alongside Chinese and Continental cuisines.
The apartment features a flat-screen TV, a balcony with city views and an iPod docking station.
Cathedral of St. Michael the Archangel is 2 km away.
The bar has low beamed ceilings and offers local ales and a mouth-watering afternoon tea service.
Our conference room accommodates up to 25 people.
This 3-star guest house is well-placed just 1 mile from Peterborough’s historic cathedral and the rail station.
The hotel also provides same-day laundry services and a doctor on-call.
Certain rooms include views of the lake or garden.
Molenitsky Bed&Breakfast also has a TV with cable channels and a DVD player.
All rooms are simply furnished and fitted with large windows, some overlooking Marmara Sea.
Local eateries, pubs and shops can be found within 1 mile of Rose House.
The Rice Museum is 1.5 km from Paradise Inn, while Mahsuri Mausoleum is 8 km from the property.
Maison Poggio is 1 km from Pitti Palace.
Hanyi Hotel is a 5-minute taxi ride from Wangfujing Shopping Mall, and a 10-minute drive from the central city and Chengdu International Exhibition and Convention Center.
Guests can make use of the shared laundry.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and satellite channels. Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
The bright bedrooms feature wooden floors and warm lighting. The quiet apartment also includes a private balcony with a view of the surrounding vista.
Each bright room at the City Express Cananea features functional contemporary décor.
Recreation Complex "Russkie Bani" offers accommodation in Kaliningrad.
Guests can enjoy Thai and European dishes at the restaurant.
The L’eau Vive Hotel is located almost along the Le Petit Fays River. The hotel is 16 km away from Sedan and 150 km away from Brussels.
All air-conditioned units include a well-equipped kitchenette with a microwave and refrigerator.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
Western and Japanese dishes are rotated every day, with a Western breakfast served of the first day.
La Casa di Giò also includes a hot tub.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven. Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath and a bath or shower.
It offers free parking and is a 25-minute drive from Tenerife North Airport.
Flower Garden Apart Otel also offers massage treatments and includes a spa centre, sauna, and fitness centre.
Set 100 meters from the sandy beach of Limassol, in Limassol, this villa features a balcony.
The Cycladic-style Studios Antiparos Beach is right on the sandy Agios Georgios Beach and features free sun loungers and umbrellas.
Guests can relax in the living room with satellite TV, CD player and country-style décor.
The hotel is 3 miles from Lufkin town centre, which offers shopping and dining.
Bike hire is available for a fee.
This 4-star property boasts an outdoor pool, restaurant and free WiFi.
Located in the Torre Pedrera district in Rimini, 4.2 km from Rimini Fiera, Hotel Simon features a restaurant, bar and free WiFi. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
This Seoul hotel is situated just 150 metres from Cheongryangri Station, Subway Line 1 and a 50-minute drive from Gimpo International Airport.
This 200-year-old Georgian period house is surrounded by 11 acres of gardens, paddocks and orchard.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
A bathrobe is available for a charge.
Cable TV channels and tea and coffee making facilities are provided.
The property offers free parking.
Elaiotropion is at a distance of 18 km from Heraklion City.
San Marino is 27 km from Gattopardo Apartment, while Cattolica is 47 km from the property.
Each room at the guest house includes classic-style décor and a TV.
An indoor swimming pool offers guests a space for relaxation and recreation.
The closest bus stop is 150 metres away, while the town’s train station can be found within 3 km.
Hosea Kutako Airport is located 40 km away.
Brindisi - Salento Airport is 58 km away.
There is a buffet breakfast service and the restaurant offers fusion cuisine and intimate setting.
The Budapest-Nyugati Train station and the Nyugati pályaudvar Metro Station (line M3) are 500 metres from the Podmaniczky Corner Apartment.
With garden views, each villa offers a patio and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Prato della Valle is 800 metres from MyPlace Orto Botanico Apartment, while Scrovegni Chapel is 1.2 km from the property. Venice Marco Polo Airport is 38 km away.
The Flumserberg valley station can be reached in 5 minutes by car.
The apartments feature a bedroom area and a living area with sofa bed.
At Cabañas Borgolafquen guests will find a garden and a beach in the backyard. A dock and rafts can also be found here.
E-joy apartment is a self-catering accommodation located a 10-minute walk from Small Wild Goose Pagoda.
Holiday home Søgårdsvej Ansager VI is located in Ansager.
Some units include views of the mountain or lake.
S-Bahn trains run regularly from Savignyplatz Train Station to Potsdam and all parts of central Berlin.
This hotel is located of Highway 231 and is 3 miles from the Redstone Arsenal.
The large bathroom offers multi-way showers, a spray bidet and a hairdryer.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Guests are welcome to pick organic vegetables from the kitchen garden for free. BBQ facilities are provided on the terrace.
Laundry/ironing services are offered at a surcharge.
There is also a has a fitness centre with modern equipment.
Some rooms have balconies with sea views.
The Landgasthof Zur Taverne is located directly in front of the castle in the idyllic village of Hollenegg, about a 5-minute drive from Deutschlandsberg in southwestern Styria.
Private parking is available on site.
The hotel is a 2-minute walk from Opera Metro station, which gives direct access to Chatelet and the Eiffel Tower.
The complex is surrounding by a range of restaurants and bars Guest will found a tourist office and shops within a 3-minute walk.
Guests get a discount for restaurant Kuře v Hodinkách, which is 10 minutes by tram away.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout.
Other facilities offered at the property include entertainment staff, a nightclub and meeting facilities.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels and a clock radio are provided in each warmly decorated room at Super 8 New Braunfels.
There is a garden, where guests can relax.
Activities in the surroundings include sailing, fishing and cycling.
The nearest airport is Adler-Sochi International Airport, 6 km from Aparthotel Svetlana.
The apartments are surrounded by restaurants and shops, including a large supermarket.
A housekeeping service is also available here.
It also offers a private bathroom fitted with a bath, hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
Drinks can be enjoyed at Lounge Hanamiguruma and the Shuchuka bar.
The Hotel Nuove Terme dates back to 1891 and has classic décor.
Pets are not permitted.
Hotel & Brasserie de Zwaan offers a charming terrace where you can either sit in the shade or relax in the sun.
Visitors can also spend the day exploring the many historic buildings in Starigrad.
The nearest airport is Lombok International Airport, 49 km from the property.
Free WiFi is available.
Heavenland Resort is 1.5-hour drive from Suvarnbhumi International Airport and a 15-minute walk from Jomtien Beach.
Breakfast including hot and cold dishes is served in the dining area with the fireplace and the beamed ceilings.
Private rooms include a flat-screen TV and a private bathroom.
Wi-Fi is available for free.
La Posada de la Plaza is located 100 metres from Salento main saquare and steps from Real Street and its craft markets.
The hotel also offers high-speed internet access as well as modern business facilities.
The cable car station for Gubałówka is 3 km from the hotel, while the ski lift for Polana Szymoszkowa is about 1.5 km away.
The bathroom has a hairdryer and shower.
Some rooms have a seating area for your convenience. Certain units feature views of the sea or city.
Nearby attractions of the resorts are Al Areen wild life park, Bahrain International Circuit, Lost Paradise Water Theme Park and Gravity Sky Diving.
The outdoor pool and fitness centre are available to all guests throughout their stay. Free parking is provided on site as well.
The hotel offers free beach service, including an umbrella and deck chairs from mid May until the end of September.
Offering free parking, Villa Maya is a 10-minute drive from the A12 motorway and 15 km from Pisa Galileo Galilei Airport.
Extras include cable channels.
The countryside surroundings of Casa Playa Valdelagrana offer beautiful scenery, and a 1-hour drive will take you to Los Alcornocales Nature Reserve, Sierra De Grazalema Nature Reserve and Doñama Nature Reserve.
Namhasin House offers comfortable rooms, a 5-minute ride from Mae Haad Pier.
At Marina Al Olaya Apartment you will find a 24-hour front desk and a mini-market on site.
Hegykő Thermal Bath is 500 metres from the Aqua Termál Camping.
Ideally positioned in the Wulingyuan Natural Scenic Area, In Space Hotel is surrounded by Zhangjiajie National Forest Park, and offers easy access to many scenic attractions.
Conveniently situated directly across from Pearson International Airport, this hotel in Mississauga offers a free 24-hour shuttle service to and from the airport. There is also an indoor pool for guests to enjoy.
Each one has a balcony or patio with a view of the garden, sea or Mount Etna.
It takes 48 minutes by car from the hotel to Incheon International Airport and 30 minutes to Gimpo International Airport.
At Cobertura Recreio dos Bandeirantes guests will find barbecue facilities.
Rooms are simply furnished and come with a wardrobe and private bathroom with hot and cold water.
Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
Bandaranaike International Airport is 3 km away.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge.
The hotel restaurant Angus serves rich breakfast with local products.
The Murau-Kreischberg golf course is 3 km away, and the Kreischberg ski area is 6 km away.
All the rooms at Hotel Incili offer air conditioning, LCD TV and a minibar.
Syracuse is 35 km away.
Some units have a seating area for your convenience.
Air-conditioned apartments will provide you with a living area complete with a flat-screen TV. Each has an equipped kitchen with oven and a refrigerator.
Offering a 24-hour state-of-the-art fitness centre, this eco-friendly hotel in Omaha is located just 3 km from TD Ameritrade Park.
Each one also includes a private bathroom, which is equipped with a shower.
Guests can visit the famous sights of Nuremberg, while Fürth’s historic old town is 1.5 km from the apartment. Nuremberg Messe Trade Fair is 15 km from Apartments 4rent.
This property is located 48 km from Ireland West Airport Knock.
Edgartown Golf Club is 1 mile away.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Room service is available 24/7.
Siedlisko Morena has a restaurant serving traditional Polish food and international buffet meals for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Each apartment comes with a fully equipped kitchen including an oven, fridge and stove. The bathrooms come with shower.
ADO International Bus Station is 1.5 km from Estudio Perla by TeAmoPlaya, while Playa del Carmen Maritime Terminal is 1.7 km away.
The Inn River is 2 km from the hotel.
Free parking is provided on site.
Decorated with parquet floors, rooms at Hostal Jordan are very bright.
Restaurants and shops are located a 5-minute walk away.
Special themed dinners with live music are organised twice a week.
Guests benefit from balcony.
Free private parking is available on site.
The kitchenettes are fully equipped.
It is surrounded by gardens and provides nice views to the Atlantic Forest.
Cartagena is 40 km from Verdemar Apartment, while La Manga del Mar Menor is 32 km away.
Mediterranean Resort has a beautiful lounge and a poolside terrace where you can enjoy delicious cuisine, drinks and snacks.
The hotel also offers a free shuttle service to various popular landmarks, including Burjuman Metro Station, Dubai Mall, Jumeirah Beach, the Dubai Museum and the Burjuman Centre.
Gästehaus Sigl is quietly situated in Spiegelau, in the heart of the Bavarian Forest.
Supermarkets, restaurants and bars can be reached by foot.
Other facilities like grocery deliveries are offered.
Ancona is 19 km away.
The hotel also has a restaurant and a bar with terrace.
The Adler Schwarzwaldhotel’s spa area includes a Finnish sauna, steam baths and an infra-red cabin.
The closest shop is 300 metres away.
The bathroom comes with free toiletries.
Xi'an Xianyang International Airport is 28 km away.
Kemer village is a 30-minute drive.
Each of the simply furnished rooms at Hotel Rhenen includes a flat-screen cable TV.
Enjoying a central location in Petrovac na Moru, Apartments Val offer self-catering accommodation units that comprise a furnished balcony with a sea view.
You can enjoy mountain and garden view from the room.
A restaurant serving Georgian and European cuisine can be found within a 7-minute walk of the hostel.
They also include access to shared bathroom and toilet facilities.
It is possible to enjoy a continental breakfast at Hotel Montañés, served in the hotel breakfast room.
You can enjoy garden view.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The hotel offers wonderful views over La Paz Bay.
Slippers are provided.
One of the bathrooms has a shower and the other has a bath.
Public transport offers good connections to the old city.
Residence Oasi Di Monza is set in a quiet area 500 metres from Policlinico di Monza Hospital and a 10-minute drive from Monza's Grand Prix Racing Circuit.
The nearest airport is Varna Airport, 8 km from Gurko Studio.
Jackson Hole Airport is 25 minutes’ drive away.
Cocktails and drinks are served in the stylish bar.
Located opposite the ancient Gur-e Amir Mausoleum, this traditional hotel is centrally located in the historic city.
Free WiFi access is available.
Start the morning at the Galleria Palms with a deluxe hot continental breakfast or with a refreshing swim in the outdoor pool.
There is a private bathroom with free toiletries in every unit.
Bed linens and towels are provided.
Santika Jemursari Hotel is a 20-minute drive from Surabaya Zoo and Juana International Airport.
It is 19 miles from Walnut Canyon National Monument and 22 miles from Slide Rock State Park.
A continental breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room.
Located in a quiet area by the Volga River, 20 km from Ulyanovsk, Baza Otdykha Lesnaya Byl features an outdoor pool, a sauna, an on-site restaurant serving Russian and European cuisine, and free WiFi.
Baza otdykha also includes a sauna. The property also offers mini-market.
The hotel is 8 miles from Camp Bullis United States Military training camp.
The property boasts a large terrace with tables and chairs, and a garden with BBQ facilities.
They also feature a safe where is possible to fit a laptop computer.
The nearest airport is Antalya Airport, 75 km from the property.
The nearest airport is Zvartnots International Airport, 10 km from Comfy Moskovyan.
The restaurant offers Indian, Chinese and European dishes.
The charming Alfa Soleil hotel offers modern seminar facilities, a wellness centre with a Finnish sauna, a Bio Sauna and a solarium.
With spa facilities and on-site activities such as horse-riding, archery and rough-track cycling, the Eclipse Centre offers something for all the family.
Each room offers a flat-screen TV.
The Dolce Vita Funchal shopping centre is just 300 metres away and features cinemas, shops, boutiques and a food court.
The hostel is only one subway station from Lotte World, a popular theme park, and two subway stations from Olympic Park, one of the largest parks in Seoul.
There is also a garage with free private parking.
All rooms feature a private modern shower room and tea/coffee facilities.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
At “Harry's Bar” guests can enjoy light snacks, Belgian beers and cocktails.
The Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites provides guest rooms with a coffee maker and a work desk.
Laundry service and dry cleaning are provided
Set in Eilat, Sunset apartment's Residence du Golf is an apartment featuring an outdoor pool. The property is 7 km from Underwater Observatory Marine Park and free private parking is featured. Free WiFi is available .
The rooms are converted from original farm buildings and each has its own entrance and is located around the south facing courtyard.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
You can play table tennis at the hotel.
Rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
Their private bathrooms have a hairdryer and a set of toiletries.
For meals, you can find quite a few dining options nearby.
Located on the iconic Great Ocean Road, Coachman Inn Lorne offers air-conditioned accommodation featuring a TV with satellite channels and a well-equipped kitchenette. The property features BBQ facilities, a beer garden, 1 free car park per room and 300MB free WiFi access per day.
Guests can arrange day trips at the tour desk, or request to use the meeting rooms.
They all have a balcony or patio and some rooms have pool access.
Located next to Aristotelous, the city’s central square for business, shopping and leisure, The Excelsior is only a short walk from the boutiques of Mitropoleos.
On weekends, guests can enjoy homemade cakes.
Indigo on the Roof Restaurant serves serves international cuisine with a Mediterranean twist and an impressive wine wall.
Towels are available.
Melbourne Airport is a 1-hour and 30-minute drive away.
Transfers to and from the airport are available upon request with surcharge.
Taxis are available, round the clock, right outside the hotel.
The Sierra de Bejar Mountains are around 30 minutes’ drive away, and there you will find La Covatilla Ski Slopes.
At the Café, refined cocktails and a variety of snacks are served to relaxing background music.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant. Free WiFi is featured and free private parking is available on site.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
Guests can relax with a massage, and dry cleaning services are available at the front desk.
Room service is also available.
Kálvin Tér with metro lines M3 and M4, as well as several tram and bus lines, is 500 metres from the premises.
Bronte Bliss - A Bondi Beach Holiday Home is a 5-minute drive from Bondi Beach and a 15-minute drive from Sydney CBD.
The guest house has a barbecue and terrace, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
Wi-Fi is available for free throughout the hotel.
Guests enjoy pool and garden view from the room.
Mekong Thmey Serviced Apartment is 1.5 km from Riverfront Park and 1.7 km from Wat Phnom.
The main sightseeing attractions of Ohrid, Plaosnik, St Sophia Church, Church of St John of Kaneo and Samoils Fortress, are all up to 700 metres away.
This Baie-Saint-Paul hotel is in the Charlevoix Region of Quebec and is located on Rue Saint-Jean-Baptise, which features shopping and dining.
Oostende Airport and the city of Bruges are both located 16 km from the hotel. Also Knokke and the harbor of Zeebrugge are 20 km away.
Each room at the Hotel Subur Maritim offers a minibar and flat-screen satellite TV.
A buffet breakfast is included in the room rate.
Hotel delle Province offers spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi and serves a rich breakfast on its roof garden.
At Tirol you will find barbecue facilities, a terrace and a bar.
Sunny Beach Plaza is right next to a local bus stop and 300 metres from the Central Bus Station in town.
Savoury products are available on request.
Guest House Konomaevi offers accommodation in Sozopol.
All rooms at Protea Hotel Knysna Quays are decorated in warm tones and have large windows.
Some rooms also offer side sea views.
The nearby Ljubović Hill features hiking trails is 1 km away.
At Hosteria Llanovientos you will find a garden, a bar and a shared kitchen.
Tigkaki Village with its sandy beach is at 10 km.
As for dining option, Santika Premiere offers its on-site Kendis Restaurant where breakfast, lunch and dinner featuring Indonesian and Western dishes are served.
You will find a shared living room with kitchenware, a Nespresso coffee machine and microwave.
A fitness centre is offered.
Activities include canoeing and wildlife eco-cruises on Clancy's Lagoon, wildlife safaris at sunrise, daytime and sunset, and tours of the reserve with a private guide.
Extras include a washing machine, a fireplace and a sofa.
The property offers free parking.
With our guest card you are free to use the regional buses and trains.
The sandy beach of Mellieha Bay is a 15-minute drive away.
This fully-furnished apartment, located on the 6th floor, is fitted with a dining area, a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a fully-equipped kitchen.
Each individually decorated apartment features a furnished patio and a living-dining area with cable TV.
A personal safe and en suite bathroom is provided.
The Casa is a traditional country house, with rustic stone and wood décor.
It offers a Marche restaurant, a spa, and country-style apartments with a satellite LCD TV.
Akademicheskaya Hotel offers a 24-hour reception and a ticket desk.
The kitchen is equipped with a dishwasher and an oven.
Some rooms have en suite bathrooms.
The restaurant specialises in rice and fish dishes, and there is a bar.
Free Wi-Fi is available in the entire property.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
French and Italian cuisine is served in the restaurant and you can enjoy a drink from the bar.
Puerto del Carmen is 44 km away.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes.
The beautiful town of Otranto is 14 km from the property, while Castro is a 15-minute drive away.
Rooms at Kaia a Lua feature a private bathroom and a fan.
Each air-conditioned room and dorm has Wi-Fi, and overlooks the hostel’s grounds.
Meals include mineral water and house wine.
The apartment will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a patio.
It provides free private parking.
Reus Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
A gym for the daily work-out is available as well.
Larnaca International Airport is at 15 km.
CHAMI Apartment is set amidst greenery in Beruwala, 4 km from Bentota River Airport.
The hotel offers a place where guests can practice Chinese calligraphy and traditional tea art for free.
The kitchen is equipped with an electric oven and dishwasher, as well as a coffee machine, kettle, toaster and juicer.
Featuring a shower, shared bathrooms also come with a bath.
A breakfast including scrambled eggs with speck ham, cheese and fruit as well as homemade cakes and herbal teas from the herbal garden is served buffet style.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for hiking.
Le Golden Hôtel include a business centre, meeting & banquet facilities, a shared lounge and a vending machine.
City Center One Split is 1 km from Two-Bedroom Apartment with Sea View in Split, while Mall of Split is 1.5 km from the property.
The Azzurra Villino has a private entrance leading to a kitchen/dining area.
Located off Interstate-75, this Madison Heights motel is 3 minutes’ walk from the Oakland Mall and 6.5 miles from Detroit Zoo.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and hairdryer.
Located in Cascais, Cascaispark offers access to an outdoor pool.
Other facilities at Apartment in Kato Paphos include a sun terrace.
Cots and children’s beds are also available.
Accommodation overlooks a lagoon-shaped pool, sun terrace and entertainment area with barbecue.
Best City Sublets - Midtown Apartments include apartments equipped with a kitchen and a sofa.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen with household appliances, kitchenware and cutlery.
The modern rooms of the Hotel Bärengarten include a seating area, a desk and a DVD player.
Vrsar Old Town is 1.8 km from Easyatent Porto Sole.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning in the communal lounge or in the comfort of your room.
Bike hire and car hire are available at the property and the area is popular for golfing and horse riding. Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling and windsurfing.
The property offers free parking.
Blending wood with stone, the snack bar of Archontiko Sakali serves drinks, local spoon sweets and light meals by the fireplace.
The guest house is found on a small island in Stockholm’s archipelago.
The property is 400 metres from Shenkin Street and 1 km from the neighborhood Neve Tsedek filled with art galleries, boutiques and restaurants. A beach can be found 1.7 km away.
Jounieh is 30 km from Hotel St Jean, while Jbeil is 38 km from the property.
Penha city centre is 5 km away and you can drive to Victor Konder Airport in Navegantes in about 20 minutes.
Simply furnished, rooms come with tiled flooring, a wardrobe, seating area, a minibar and a TV with cable channels.
At Holiday home Lakolk X Denmark you will find a terrace, a swing and sandpit and barbeque facilities.
Other area activities include canoeing, fishing and hiking Komsa Mountain.
All rooms and apartments offer a balcony, satellite TV, a seating area, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower and bidet.
Utapao-Rayong-Pataya International Airport is 19 km away.
Each unit comes with a fully equipped kitchen and a flat-screen satellite TV.
Luhuitou Park is 3.1 km from Sanya Hi You Hotel, while Tianya Haijiao Tourist Area is 17 km from the property.
The rooms of Izer are decorated in pastel tones to create a peaceful setting.
A bakery and a restaurant with terrace are part of the same property.
This bright apartment features an earth-tone décor, wooden floors and decorations and large windows. The apartment is equipped with a mix of classic, modern and industrial furniture.
The private bathroom includes a shower and a hairdryer.
From May to October, guests enjoy unlimited use of all cable cars and lifts in the Kleinwalsertal Valley and in Oberstdorf free of charge.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Certain rooms have a seating area to relax in after a busy day. All rooms have a private bathroom.
Industry Hills Golf Club is 5.9 km away from this motel. Los Angeles International Airport is 43 km away.
Each room at this bed and breakfast is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Located in Athens, Poseidon Downtown Apartment offers self-catering accommodation with balcony and free WiFi access. Victoria Metro Station is 400 metres away, while National Archaeological Museum of Athens is 900 metres away.
All floors at the Novotel Nantes Centre Cité Des Congrès have lift access.
The bright villas of Palm Lane Residence have a large living room with an open-plan kitchen and a dining area.
Sydney city centre is 20 minutes away by public transport.
Each room at the Hôtel Henri 4 has a TV with satellite channels, a minibar and air conditioning.
The staff can assist with kitchenware rental and luggage storage services.
The nearest airport is Minsk-2 Airport, 36 km from Apartment on Zhudro street.
It offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi i public areas.
Opening to a balcony, the studios of Flygonion are traditionally decorated with dark-wooden furnishings and soft colours.
Studios at the Il Casale della Quercia come with an equipped kitchenette featuring a dining table.
It is 27 km from Boryspil Airport.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV, parquet floors and a private bathroom.
Bicycles for rent are available so guests can explore the area, as well as go horse riding and fishing.
Sant Pere Pescador is 200 metres away.
The hotel offers a sauna and spa centre.
Local and international specialties are served, with the option of in-room dining.
The Revestido offers attractive, country-style décor with wooden furnishings.
Guests are welcome to purchase breakfast in the morning.
Apartment Porat 5322b offers accommodation in Malinska.
Guests can sample Sri Lankan specialities alongside Western dishes at the restaurant.
Guests can enjoy the property's sauna, hot tub and spa facilities, or request a massage treatment. There is also a lively games room, including billiards and table tennis.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with a balcony and free Wi-Fi.
Trains run between Freiburg and Donaueschingen.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as snorkelling and fishing.
This hotel also features over 1,200 square feet of meeting space in three meeting and banquet rooms that can accommodate up to 100 people for most business functions and training.
Hotel L’Esterel is only a few steps from Cannes Train Station and the famous Rue d’Antibes with its luxury shops.
With a rural setting in Val d'Orcia, Locanda Dello Spicchio is 10 km outside Castiglione d'Orcia.
There are also 2 flat-screen TVs with satellite channels.
Guests can also enjoy regional specialties in the hotel’s restaurant.
Guests can relax in the café with live music, or can enjoy a game of Russian billiards.
The hotel is less than 5 minutes’ walk from Mar Del Plata Central Casino.
Piumhã Bus Station is 70 km away and Ribeirão Preto Airport is 300 km from the property.
All studios are furnished with light wooden and modern furnishings.
At Deluxe Apartment Lutetia guests will also find a Turkish sauna.
The bar and dining area have wood-paneled walls and traditional tiled stoves and also a glass-fronted fireplace.
Rooms have private bathrooms with showers.
Alppi Nuppu is well-suited for families: the second floor stairs are secured with childproof gates and both cot and high chair are available.
A continental breakfast with homemade jams is prepared every morning, and you can enjoy a drink at the bar.
This 3-star superior hotel offers air-conditioned rooms and excellent public transport links throughout Berlin.
Attractions nearby include: Marina Promenade is 2.8 km away, Skydive Dubai is 2.8 km away, Burj el Arab is 8.5 km away, Mall of the Emirates is 9 km away, The Dubai Mall and Burj Khalifa are 22 km away, Global Village is 24 km away, IMG Worlds Of Adventure is 30 km away, Al Maktoum International Airport is 32 km away, and Dubai International Airport is 33 km away.
The kitchen is fully equipped, including a dishwasher and coffee machine.
King’s Road and the boutique shops of Sloane Square are just under 1 mile away, and many bars and restaurants are located within a 10-minute walk.
Wi-Fi is free throughout.
The dormitory rooms come functionally furnished, with shared bathroom and toilet facilities.
A TV, a fridge and an electric kettle are included in each.
Located 500 metres from the Granet Museum, Hôtel Le Mozart offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi.
The property organizes walking tours, based on a symbolic monetary contribution by guests: the property also offers a luggage storage space.
Mother Teresa Home is 5 km from the hotel.
The public transportation can take you to Oxford Street, the West End, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Piccadilly Circus and the London financial district in 10 minutes.
The Enzianbrenner is located at the edge of the forest in Carinthia's Gail Valley, a 4-minute drive from the Nassfeld Ski Area and the Millennium Express Cable Car.
The town centre is an 8-minute drive from the apartment, and Torrevieja Port is 5 km away.
There is free shuttle service at the property.
It features a garden with an outdoor pool, barbecue facilities and a free covered parking.
Libverda Resort & Spa Hotel Inn is a part of a wellness hotel complex.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Imperial Saigon Hotel offers accommodation in Ho Chi Minh City.
It offers rooms and studios with free WiFi.
Local and international cuisine is served in the City Café Restaurant.
They offer accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Situated in Voronezh, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from balcony. Bus Station is 100 metres away.
The nearest airport is Da Nang International Airport, 4 km from the property.
The pet-friendly accommodation is air conditioned and is equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Free parking is available on-site.
Each individually decorated room at The Leonard has a flat-screen TV, air-conditioning, minibar, bathrobes, slippers and complimentary tea/coffee facilities.
Gawęckówka u Natalii is located in Krzyżówka with a short, private ski lift on site.
Guests can make use of the well-equipped kitchen which contains a stove, oven and dishwasher.
Dolphin watching and leatherback turtle nesting can be found within a 20-minute boat ride from Casa del Mar and Punta Uva, Cocles and Chiquita Beaches are within 10 km.
Lounge chairs, a ping-pong table and a children’s playground are provided.
There are special rooms for families accommodating up to 4 guests.
It offers free private on-site parking.
A sweet Italian breakfast is available each morning.
It offers a spa centre and a garden with terrace overlooking the vineyard.
You also have a bar, which is open all day, and two TV lounges.
La Posada Del Virrey is located 200 metres from San Francisco Boulevard where guests will find clubs, bars and restaurants.
Shanghai Pudong International Airport is an hour drive away.
Offering an equipped garden and free WiFi, it is a 5-minute drive from Merano centre.
Guests can enjoy meals at the restaurant or they can relax in the lounge area.
Frankfurt's exhibition grounds are 35 kilometres away.
Rooms at Hosteria Posta de los Colonos afford lovely views, lots of natural light and wooden furniture.
All accommodation units comprise a balcony or a terrace and a bathroom with shower.
The bathroom contains a hairdryer.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Kazimierz Dolny Market Square is 100 metres from Pokoje Mars, while Castle Ruins in Kazimierz Dolny is 200 metres away.
Shop 4 km, grocery 2 km, restaurant, bar 300 m, bus stop 800 m, railway station "Ste-Croix" 4 km, outdoor swimming pool 2 km, indoor swimming pool 1 km, thermal baths 20 km.
Phuket International Airport is a 45-minute drive away.
Alley Garden Courtyard Hotel is within walking distance of the Beixinqiao Subway Station and the Chinese Food Street.
An Italian restaurant and summer terrace are offered at this guest house with its 17th-century façade.
Local bus stops 250 metres from the property and the Main Bus Station is 2.5 km away.
It offers renovated rooms with mountain views, a restaurant with bar and a sauna.
Nuremberg is just a short journey away.
The apartment will provide you with a tv and satellite channels.There is a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave, a coffee brewer and an electric cooker.
A traditional breakfast with cheese and olives is served by the pool and is available daily in Kafkas’ breakfast lounge.
The on-site restaurant at Casa Sublime features an Italian gourmet chef and a wine list.
The hotel also has a roof garden and free parking for guests’ use.
All apartments are fitted with air conditioning and heating and come with extra-long beds.
They come with a fully equipped kitchenette and satellite TV. The private bathrooms have a shower, hairdryer and offer free toiletries.
Guests can buy typical homemade pumpkin seed oil on site, and the on-site shop sells regional products such as wines, jams, and honey.
The on-site cafe with plush armchairs and large windows, is the ideal spot to enjoy a coffee or drink by the fireplace.
Each room here will provide you with a balcony.
Central Monterrey and the Cintermex Convention Centre are 5 and 10 minutes' drive away respectively.
Matterhorn glacier paradise is 1.1 km from Haro, while Matterhorn is 9 km from the property.
Sandia Peak is less than 30 minutes’ drive from the inn.
Set in a well-kept garden just 1.5 km from Montreuil Bellay Train Station, La Gente Dame features a furnished terrace, a 16th-century dining room with a fireplace, and free Wi-Fi in the rooms.
Located in Jundiai Centre, 20 km from Hopi Hari theme park, Convenience features free Wi-Fi.
The nearest airport is Shannon Airport, 48 km from the property.
Heated rooms feature tiled floors, a work desk and cable TV. Each has a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
The apartments offer kitchenettes.
There are two baby cots available.
Guests have access to the on-site restaurant and bar. Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and snorkelling.
Lassithi region offers numerous pristine beaches, freshwater springs, dense forests, historical and archaeological sites, beautiful villages, and traditional hamlets.
Guests can also visit the vineyards at Dalton and Rimonim, 15 km away.
Western and Korean style rooms are equipped with air conditioning, heating and an en suite bathroom. They feature a 42-inch flat-screen TV, a fridge and tea/coffee making facilities.
Grande Waterfall is located 18 km from Pousada Araucária.
Galeão International Airport is located 15 km away.
At Summer Green Resort you will find services like laundry and dry cleaning.
The private bathroom offers a bath or shower.
Immersed in the Mediterranean vegetation, the Villa Violetta house consists of 2 bedrooms, a bathroom, and a living room with kitchenette.
The thermal baths of Merano can be reached in a 5-minute walk from Portici Merano. The Ifinger cable car is 4 km away.
It offers self-catering accommodation with elegant furnishings and free WiFi.
Café DL is situated in the lobby and offers internet access.
The A23 motorway exit is 1 km away, connecting Austria Trend Hotel Bosei Wien with Vienna International Airport.
Guests at First Landing Beach Resort & Villas will find plenty of activities on offer, including Fijian cooking classes, garden walks and crab racing. Island cruises, snorkelling and dolphin watching can all be arranged too plus there is a children’s club.
Free private parking is available on site.
Alize is just a 10-minute drive from the historical centre of Le Puy-en-Velay.
Opening out to a private or a common courtyard, the villas and the studios of Santorini are elegantly decorated with built-in beds, antique items and wooden or tiled floors.
Start the day with a hearty breakfast in bed.
Motel Bali - Adults Only is located in Tlalnepantla, in the metropolitan area of Mexico City.
Country Club Lima Hotel has become a National Monument.
Hôtel Le Cambronne is also 400 metres from Place du Commerce.
The nearest airport is Batumi International Airport, 5 km from the property.
Trachenberger Platz tram stop is 30 metres from the apartments providing connections to Dresden Central Train Station and the famous Frauenkirche Church.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk and airport shuttle services can be arranged for a small fee.
You will find a coffee machine in the room.
Guests are also welcome to relax in the hotel’s massage room, solarium and fitness machines.
Faa'a Airport is located 6 km away.
This offers a 5-minute train connection to Berlin Main Station as well as direct underground links to the Olympic Stadium, ICC Exhibition Centre, Potsdamer Platz and Alexanderplatz.
It offers a restaurant, free parking on site and free Wi-Fi access.
Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport is 5 km away.
Nice Airport is a 25-minute drive from the property.
Extras include bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
Extras include bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
Studios also have a kitchenette.
The Lungomare Hotel is about 5 km from Viareggio Train Station, reachable by a bus that stops 250 metres away.
Children will enjoy playing in the playground with climbing frame, swings and sand pit, while adults will find plenty of space for relaxing.
They all come with TV and a private bathroom.
Church of Sts. Olha and Elizabeth is just a 5-minute walk of the hostel.
A TV and a work desk are found in each bright room at Super 8 Bremerton.
The kitchen is fully equipped and offers a microwave, a dishwasher, a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
A radio and hair dryer are also provided.
Featuring free WiFi, a restaurant and a barbecue, Mini Hotel Bounty offers accommodation in Znam'yans'ke.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for hiking.
Riccione's Viale Ceccarini is 400 metres away.
The Penticton Golf & Country Club is 4.2 miles away.
The motel is 8 km from Frontier City.
Every room at this hotel is air-conditioned and features a flat-screen TV. Some units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Featuring a sea view, and fitted with tiled floors, the comfortable 1-bedroom apartment offers a TV with satellite channels, fan, sofa, wardrobe and private bathroom.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Salto del Nogal lake is just a 40-minute drive from the property and offers guests nature tours and hiking. Guadalajara and its International Airport are a 20-minute drive away.
Free WiFi is provided.
Situated within Terminal 4 of London Heathrow Airport, Yotel offers Japanese-style cabin rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Wi-Fi access is also available.
The 15th-century inn The Marlborough offers boutique accommodation and a rustic bar and restaurant on Marlborough’s pretty High Street.
At HeeFun Apertment Hotel ( Hopsen Plaza Branch) offers car hire and airport shuttle service to guests.
You can walk to Leura village, which has boutique shops, galleries and restaurants.
The Olympic Stadium is a 10-minute drive away.
You will find a coffee machine and a kettle in the room. The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The Lacona's apartments and studios have Mediterranean-style furnishings and cool tiled floors.
Hurzuf is 11 km from Apartments Morskoy Briz. The nearest airport is Simferopol Airport, 95 km from the property.
Guests are welcome to bring groceries and use the shared kitchen.
Free WiFi access and free private parking available.
The spacious house comes with a living room, a kitchen and a dining area.
La Laguna Negra Lake is just 10km from the property.
A business centre and a guest launderette are available.
Los Angeles International Airport is 15 miles away.
Business facilities can be offered upon request.
In summer months, meals and drinks are served in the tree-lined beer garden.
Guests can play pétanque at the property or go hiking and cycling in the area.
Santiago Vila Airport is 54 km away.
A sauna and a steam bath are at guests' disposal at a surcharge.
Set in La Spezia, Casa Maddalena offers pet-friendly accommodation with a terrace, 3 km from La Spezia Centrale Train Station.
Located a 3-minute walk from the Royal Place and National Museum.
A variety of shopping centers, top-rated ski areas and local restaurants are also nearby.
A fitness centre, children’s playground, and tennis court are also available.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are available.
A drink and a coffee can be enjoyed at the café with a drink bar.
Housing a restaurant, the property serves daily breakfast for guests' convenience.
It is a 14-minute drive from the Évora city centre, which features many national landmarks. The iconic Roman Temple in Évora is a 17-minute drive, while the Évora Cathedral is a 16-minute drive from the property.
The air-conditioned unit features a flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchen complete with a dishwasher.
The rustically furnished rooms feature wooden furniture and floors, satellite TV, and a private bathroom.
The apartments have a comfortable seating area and a fully equipped kitchen, plus they offer free Wi-Fi access.
Staff can assist with area shuttles, airport transfers and vehicle rentals.
The surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking and cycling.
The Delhi Zoo is 7 km from Hotel Raunak Plaza.
All rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
The one-bedroom apartment offers a family bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
The modern bathrooms are equipped with a hairdryer.
Opening to a balcony or patio, the studios and apartments of Flamingos have a kitchenette with dining area, fridge and cooking hobs.
Seasonal German cuisine is served in the Gasthof Königshof-Edersee’s rustic restaurant.
Rasnov's Train Station is 20 km away from Pensiunea Casuta Bunicii.
Guests can enjoy the furnished terrace in addition to a common area with a refrigerator and a microwave.
Located in Gdańsk, 500 metres from the Tricity Landscape Park, Apartamenty Pomorze II is in a secure building complex.
Guests can relax at the sun beds and umbrellas on the private beach.
Le Grotte is a spacious, independent house located in the island of Ponza along the panoramic road.
This 17th-century inn is set in 22 buildings in Grythyttan village.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests will find restaurants, cafés and a supermarket at 20 metres from Anatoli.
Poggio Olivo is a farm stay located among olive groves and vineyards near Montepulciano. It offers apartments with panoramic views of the Tuscan countryside and a swimming pool.
After a long day on the slopes you can relax at the hotel with a drink in the bar, take a moment’s peace in the attractive lounge, or enjoy a refreshing dip in the indoor swimming pool.
Riviersonderend is 60 km from the property.
Featuring a restaurant, Haikou Aojia Sunny Hotel offers accommodation with free parking. Free WiFi is accessible in all areas.
Select rooms feature great views of the city and garden.
377 House is a 5-minute walk from bus and tram stop Raamplein with direct access to Central Station in 15 minutes and Museum Quarter in less than 10 minutes.
The hotel has its own private beach, part of the sandy beach that goes on for 5 km.
Located along the beachfront of Haad Gruad Beach in Koh Phangan, West Coast Beach Resort offers comfortable bungalow and villa-style accommodation. The resort is isolated, quiet and surrounded by lush greenery, providing a getaway from the busy town.
Offering an outdoor swimming pool, Hotel Cascada is located in Casasano, just a 10-minute drive from Cautla's town centre.
The kitchen is fully equipped, including a refrigerator and a coffee machine.
The beer garden is a great place to relax in good weather.
Most accommodation boasts stunning mountain or region views.
The bathrooms both come with a shower and toilet.
A children’s playground is also on site.
Each room comes with a TV with cable channels.
A buffet-style breakfast can be enjoyed every morning.
Non-smoking throughout, each room at Lyndhurst has an en suite bathroom and a TV with DVD player are featured in each room, as well as tea and coffee making facilities.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling and hiking.
And if you’d like to explore the area, the hotel hires bicycles.
Il Veliero Appartamenti is a self-catering accommodation in the centre of Levanto, a 5-minute walk from the beach, and offers apartments with free Wi-Fi access.
For your comfort, you will find bath robes and a hair dryer.
A communal kitchen is available to all guests.
This modern, three bedroom holiday cottage accommodates up to eight people and includes a sauna as well as a furnished terrace.
It offers a large outdoor pool with water features.
The closets restaurant is only 20 metres away, and a supermarket is a 5-minute walk from the Mitterbauer apartment.
Parking facilities are offered at an extra charge.
Featuring an indoor and outdoor pool, Apartment Gran Oceano offers a self-catering apartment with free WiFi access in Viña del Mar. The property is 3.4 km from Viña del Mar Bus Terminal and 1.6 km from Flower Clock.
Agriturismo Le Baccane is surrounded by the Tuscan countryside and features en suite rooms and self-catering units.
Offering views of the Sesto Dolomites and Puster Valley, Caravan Park Sexten is 5 km outside Sesto.
Chance Hotel is located in Da Nang, 1.9 km from Cham Museum and 2.1 km from My An Beach.
Bike hire and car hire are available at this guest house and the area is popular for cycling.
All rooms have a coin-operated air conditioning for an extra charge.
The Ludwig is 1 km away of the bars, restaurants and shops of the trendy Neustadt district.
It takes 30 minutes by car to Guangzhou Railway Station and 1 hour 20 minutes by car to Baiyun International Airport.
A convenience store is located on site at the pet-friendly Tulsa-Catoosa La Quinta Inn & Suites.
In a quiet corner of the complex you will find a large swimming pool.
The Hotel Harmony is close to many tram stops.
It is ideally located for visiting the Loire Valley’s vineyards and chateaux.
Located at the junction with PA-160 Highway, Recife Palace features air-conditioned rooms with room service and free Wi-Fi.
The hotel organises trips along the Quixote tourist route which stops at sites mentioned in the book.
The property offers free parking.
Guests benefit from free WiFi in public areas.
The in-house Plaza Grill restaurant specialises in steaks.
The centre of Sesto is 1 km from Innerkofler Parkhotel.
The property also offers packed lunches.
The Burigone is 20 km from Castiglione di Garfagnana.
Doctors Cave Beach is 500 meters from the Altamont.
On-site car rental is available.
Free WiFi is available.
Room service is available 24 hours.
Guests at Allkamari can enjoy a horse riding excursion to Palca Canyon, or an alternative healing clay bath therapy.
The Hotel Del Mare is set in the picturesque fishing village of Marina Grande, just a short walk from the beaches of Sorrento.
Located in Lisbon’s historical Pombaline Downtown, Augusta is an elegant boutique guesthouse which not only offers 12 spacious rooms, but also a rooftop where you can have a nice Portuguese wine, or just simply contemplate the busy life of one of the most charismatic streets of Lisbon.
Rondane National Park is just 300 metres away.
Holiday home Mosevænget Hemmet Denm is located in Falen.
The Schweizerhaus has a limited number of free parking spaces.
The room is also equipped with a flat-screen TV and a seating space.
All rooms include a flat-screen TV.
They have a light-wood interior and matching wooden furniture.
For the children there is a playground, outdoor toys and indoor games.
All guest rooms are located on the ground floor, independent from the hosts’ living quarters’ upstairs ensuring privacy.
Barbecue facilities can be used free of charge and the nearby forest abounds in mushrooms, blueberries and blackberries.
The units at the Arcadia all come with a private bathroom with a shower, cable TV and carpeted floors.Some also feature a balcony.
Some rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The unit is equipped with a kitchen.
Elements Hotel Boutique has a lounge bar that offers drinks and snacks.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout the resort.
After a day at the beach, guests can enjoy relaxing on the patio in the hotel garden.
Santa Maria Novella Train Station is just a 15-minute walk away, while the well-known David of Michelangelo can be found at 500 metres from the property.
The suites in Hotel de la Ville feature air conditioning, private bathrooms and minibars.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
Apartamentos Macba is situated in the lively Raval neighbourhood, a 10-minute walk from the famous Boquería Market and Liceu Metro Station.
Amaris Hotel Ambon is situated near the vibrant Ambon Town and is en route to the exotic Maluku.
Ferries to/from the other Cinque Terre towns leave from the port, while buses to/from Lerici and Porto Venere stop a few steps from the property.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes and slippers.
Cesme town centre is 8 km away.
The public beach of Pizzomunno is a 10-minute walk from this hotel.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi internet access and modern guest rooms.
Free on-site private parking is provided on request.
Hotel Santa Cruz Huatulco is 600 metres from Tehuantepec Gulf in Huatulco.
The property also has The Beach Bar and Grill American-style food and drinks.
A children’s playground can be found at the property and WiFi is available at an extra cost.
The restaurant at hotel Le Lana serves a buffet on the south-facing terrace, for lunch and dinner.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
One room has a sofa.
Apartments at the Levanto Casevacanza come with 1 or 2 bedrooms, kitchen or kitchenette, and a washing machine.
Free WiFi is available.
All rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Towels and linen are provided, and Wi-Fi is available for an additional fee.
It provides free Wi-Fi, free parking and traditional home-cooked breakfasts.
Swimming pools in Reutte and Bezau, and the Mellau Damüls ski region are all a 5-minute drive away.
Located in quiet part of Štramberk, in a traditional building, Hotel Roubenka is 1.2 km away from the historical centre of town.
Breakfast and Starbucks coffee is available at the on-site cafe.
The restaurant serves traditional cuisine and boasts an extensive wine cellar.
Only 300 metres from Rome Termini Station, Smart BB offers a convenient location just a few steps from lines A and B of the Metro and from the main bus terminus.
Rooms are equipped with a shared bathroom.
Cliffhall is located overlooking the Shanklin coastline, boasting uninterrupted panoramic sea views.
Holiday home Muldstensvænget is located in Melby.
The bathroom is equipped with a shower.
Room service options are also available.
The hostel has a kitchen, equipped with kitchenware, a dishwasher, three microwaves and a coffee machine.
It is a 30-minute drive from the accommodation to medieval Bruges.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
It has a flat-screen cable TV and DVD player.
You will find a shared kitchen at the property.
The surrounding area of Mecklenburg countryside is ideal for exploring scenic countryside on a hiking or cycling tour.
It includes a fully equipped kitchen with dining area, and a living room with a satellite, flat-screen TV.
There is free parking at the property and a garage for bicycles and motorbikes.
Located on Dal Lake, Golden Crest group of house boat offers traditional, Kashmiri-style rooms with views of the lotus lake.
Eastland Mall is less than 1 mile away.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Alba is 26 km from Casa Contenta, while Acqui Terme is 33 km from the property.
Within the house complex, guests can find a family-owned restaurant serving typical Mediterranean delicacies.
All of the modern rooms are individually decorated and have a hairdryer, tea/coffee facilities and a TV. Some rooms have a striped feature wall and a traditional bay window.
These elegantly furnished one bedroom apartments have all modern facilities and a beautiful balcony overlooking some of the main central streets of Barcelona.
All rooms have a flat-screen TV, wardrobe, desk and tea and coffee facilities.
You can enjoy city and garden view from all the rooms.
The Dartmouth Skiway is 45 minutes’ drive away.
Gasthof Bauer serves traditional home cooked meals, made with regional products.
Apartment Schied is a self-catering accommodation located in Grossarl, is about 40 mq and is suitable for two guests.
Offering free access to an indoor pool, Sajūtu Parka Atpūtas Komplekss is located in Valmiera and surrounded by a pine forest.
Free Wi-Fi access is available in public areas.
Set on Lake Garda shores, Villaggio Turistico Lugana Marina is 2 km from the Terme Virgilio spa, and 4 km from central Sirmione.
Various bars, restaurants and supermarkets can be found within 100 metres.
Set in a family house, all units come with cable TV and contain a private bathroom.
It features a furnished terrace with sea views, an infinity pool and hot tub.
Room service is available at the property.
The private bathroom is equipped with a shower and free toiletries.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing.
An outdoor swimming pool, terrace, garden and children's playground feature at Chambres d'Hôtes Etché.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Rooms at Borinquen Beach Inn have private bathrooms, as well as free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
There is also an iron and a coffee-making facilities in every room.
It offers a garden and an outdoor pool with a sun terrace. Free private parking is available.
Each room and suite have a cable TV and pay-per-view movies at staySky Suites I-Drive.
Residence Les Consuls de la Mer is located a 10-minute tram ride from central Montpellier and a 20-minute ride from the beach.
WiFi is available in all rooms.
The nearest airport is Gran Canaria Airport, 38 km from Radisson Blu Resort & Spa, Mogan, Gran Canaria.
Apartments feature a fully equipped kitchenette.
Located 500 metres from Heineken Experience in Amsterdam, this apartment features a barbecue.
The property is 1,2 km from Krakow Central Railway Station and the Galeria Krakowska shopping centre. Other sightseeing spots nearby include St. Florian's Gate, 1,6 km from the property, and St Mary's Basilica, 2 km.
All accommodation at the Apolo XI has simple décor with tiled floors.
Featuring parquet floors, the rooms of Pithana Hotel includes a flat-screen TV and heating. All rooms have a private bathroom with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Ottaviano Metro Station is a 10-minute walk away.
There is a horse stable and rock climbing area 1 km away.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Offering a seasonal outdoor pool and hot tub, Aktaion II - Luxury Maisonettes and Rooms is set in Skala.
Hannoversch Münden Train Station is 800 metres from the hotel.
Saint-Quentin Basilica and the art deco town centre are 1.3 km from the hotel by car.
Between May and October the hotel organises a varied entertainment programme, including sports and a mini-disco.
Located in Lviv, Apartment on Tiktora Street offers free WiFi and free private parking.
Konaki provides free Wi-Fi in public areas of property and private parking on site.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Hotel MINI is set in the centre Yerevan, 350 metres from Freedom Square. Republic Square Metro Station is a 2-minute walk away.
The lively Benitses is at 3.5 km.
Extras include an outdoor dining area and linen.
All rooms have cable TV, a fan, a telephone and a private bathroom with a shower.
Offering a sauna and sun terrace, this guest house offers a peaceful location in the heart of the Bavarian Forest.
The nearest airport is Heraklion International Airport, 26 km from the property.
Breakfast includes coffee, juice and toast, and is served in a café located 50 metres away.
Ferienwohnungen Kasererbräu is owned by Altstadthotel Kasererbräu, a 5-minute drive away.
Ripario Hotel Group offers air-conditioned rooms with cable TV, and free Wi-Fi is available in some areas.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out the historic centre of Koruča, about 300 metres away.
The apartment consists of 3 separate bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a fully equipped kitchen with dining area and living room.
Palace of the Parliament is 1.3 km from Lovely Apartament Unirii, while National Museum of Art is 1.3 km from the property.
Comiso Airport is 30 km from this property.
Every room comes with a private bathroom equipped with a bath.
All units are air conditioned and fitted with a shower. You will find a flat-screen TV with satellite channels and a kettle in every room.
The house comes with 2 twin bedrooms, 1 double bedroom and 2 bathroom with a bath and a hairdryer.
The Dan Gardens Ashkelon is located approximately 500 metres from the beach.
The apartment also includes a satellite-TV, lounge and a private bathroom.
Delicato Vineyards are within a 10-minute drive of the Days Inn in Lathrop.
Château de Bonagic is just 15 km away.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment on Abazgaa 49.
During other times of the year, meals can be pre-ordered with the property.
Mobile Homes Victoria Solaris Beach Resort also provides a spa centre and outdoor pool.
Free parking is possible at Holiday home Ferborgvej.
A former hunting lodge in the heart of Pécharmant vineyard, on 3-hectare grounds, Domaine de Bellevue Cottage is just 2.4 km from Bergerac.
Just 600 metres from Maschsee Lake, this hotel offers free Wi-Fi and free private parking.
The hotel can arrange an airport shuttle.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property and shuttle services can be organized upon request and at a surcharge.
Offering outdoor pool and a view of Vallée de la Creuse, Domaine le Haut Verger is located in Dampierre, 700 metres from Gargilesse.
It features a seating area, flat-screen TV, and an ipod docking station.
It provides free parking and a free shuttle from Showa Building (located at Odori-Nishi 5-Chome), which is a 15-minute walk from JR Sapporo Train Station.
Located about 15 minutes’ drive from Aubeterre, aux frontières de la Dordogne, Villa Joséphine offers views over the countryside, free Wi-Fi, free parking and a swimming pool.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including snorkelling and diving.
Guest House on Trostnikovaya Street is located in Adler, a 2-minute walk from the Olympic Park. Free WiFi access is available.
The property has a 24-hour front desk, free parking, and meeting facilities.
Located 5 minutes’ walk away, Urgell Metro Station connects you with the rest of the city with ease.
Guests can relax in the Ramada's health club with a fitness centre, swimming pool, massage and sauna.
Holiday home Blomstervangen Denm I is located in Oksbøl and can accommodate up to six persons.
All rooms have a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Zadar Airport, 40 km from the property.
Zagreb Cathedral and the vibrant Ilica promenade street are within 1.3 km from the hostel.
Rooms here will provide you with a seating area.
Ufa International Airport is 20 km from the property.
Each room is equipped with a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Two-Bedroom Apartment features a private park with a jogging trail and two onsite fitness centres with cardio machines and free weights.
Scheveningen beach is 10 minutes away by tram.
Offering a fitness centre, a bar, and a restaurant, Business Suite is located in Bochum. Bochum Museum is just 450 metres away, and free WiFi access is available.
Each room comes with a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
An airport shuttle for guests can be organised at an additional charge and there also is a paid public parking.
Various beers and wines are offered at the bar.
A selection of Indonesian cuisine is served in Omah Tembi Restaurant.
It features a gym with a sauna, free Wi-Fi and 2 restaurants.
The kitchen has an oven, microwave, coffee maker and a dishwasher.
Select rooms have a personal computer, and all rooms have mini speakers that can be connected to an mp3 player or mobile phone.
A stovetop and kettle are also provided.
Inn WOW is only a 2-minute drive from Kenting Main Street or South Bay Recreation Area, and a 10-minute drive from Eluanbi. Kaohsiung is a 2-hour drive away, and buses to Kaohsiung is available at bus stations only 2-minute walk from the Inn.
Les Beaux-de-Provence is a 5-minute drive away.
Karon Beach is a 15-minute ride away, while Phuket Town can be reached within a 20-minute drive from the resort.
Milan Linate Airport is 6 km from the property.
Quietly located in the village of Unterbränd, this guest house is a 10-minute walk from Kirnbergsee Lake.
Restaurant specializes in Latvian and International cuisine, as well as offers a large wine selection and varied breakfast buffet.
An ideal base for hikers and cyclists, the guest house offers a free shuttle service to the Rothaargebirge Mountain Range, 5 km away.
Free private on-site parking is possible.
Guests can start their morning enjoying a rich continental breakfast.
Markplatz square is within a 5-minute walking distance and guests will find several shopping opportunities nearby.
This hostel is 400 metres from Casino Cosmopol and 10 minutes’ walk from Sundsvall Central Station.
Guests can make use of kitchenware, an electric kettle and a refrigerator.
For those who wish to explore the area, free bike rentals and packed lunches are available.
A fridge and stovetop are also available, as well as a coffee machine.
The Alpine-style rooms come with wooden beamed ceilings and offer air-conditioning, a flat-screen TV, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Akacia Hotel is set only 150 metres from the beach in central Golden Sands, and enjoys a large swimming pool with a stylish poolside bar.
The on-site restaurant serves a fine selection of local Chinese food.
Guests can relax on the sunny terrace in nice weather and there is a free ski storage room.
A cable TV and coffee maker are furnished in every room at the Circleville Holiday inn Express.
Free wi-Fi is available in all areas.
Air-conditioned guestrooms feature spacious interiors with modern furnishings. Each room is fitted with a minibar, ironing facilities and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Broad, child-friendly sandy beaches, (some of which allow for driving up all the way to the water's edge), attractive natural features, charming countryside and plenty of activities and sights all await the visitor.
The B&B offers beautiful, spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Only a 3-minute walk from the historic centre of Plzen and the city park, Pension Antica offers en-suite rooms with satellite TV and wired internet access.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a toaster and a fridge.
The dormitory at Ostello Tergeste features views of the Adriatic Sea.
Offering free WiFi and a 24-hour front desk, Day and Night Hostel na Pokrovke 31 is located in Moscow city centre, a 5-minute walk from Chistoprudnyy Bulvar.
3 miles from the city centre, Premier Inn Manchester (Heaton Park) is near Bowker Vale Metrolink Station, offering a regular service to Manchester city centre.
Just a 10-minute walk from the Europa Park theme park, this guest house offers modern rooms and apartments in a quiet location in Rust. Free private parking is available here.
Alternatively, local dining options are available nearby.
You can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
Located 150 metres from the beach in Primorsko, Vania Guest House offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi.
Guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 7 km from Апартаменты в Бургасе, ж.к.Лазур.
Rooms at Hotel De La Halle are equipped with a telephone, TV and private bathroom with shower.
Set in the Tuscan countryside and surrounded by the Orcia Valley, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, Agriturismo Corvaia is a 10-minute drive from central Radicofani.
Busan KTX Station is a 20-minute subway ride away and Gimhae International Airport is a 30-minute drive away.
It offers spacious rooms with a flat-screen TV and free WiFi.
Treat your palate to delicious locally grown wines from the hotel cabinet.
Private bathrooms have free toiletries.
An indoor pool and a 24-hour fitness center are available on site.
Towels and bed linen are available at FnF Apartment.
The accommodation offers a TV and a terrace. There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a refrigerator.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The property offers free parking.
One Bedroom Near Santa Monica Promenade barbecue facilities. The property offers free parking.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Duplex Arco Iris Playa.
It has free parking and spacious, modern air-conditioned rooms.
Cafes are a short walk away.
Each room also has a balcony.
Located in peaceful Yesilkoy neighborhood, Home Aparts Yesilkoy is just 5 km from Ataturk Airport and CNR Expo Centre.
At Locanda Della Posta you will be surrounded by shops, restaurants, monuments and museums.
The property is a 5-minute drive from Chester Racecourse and 4 miles from Chester Zoo.
At Guest House Dacha you will also find a sauna and several points to view the lake and nature.
Chengdu Shuangliu Datong Shiji Hotel is 7 km away from Shuangliu International Airport.
Free WiFi is available.
In-room dining options are possible and barbeque facilities are available upon request.
These boutique timber bungalows offer ocean, mountain or forest views.
It has a living-dining area with a flat-screen TV and DVD player, and a kitchen with an oven, dishwasher and washing machine.
The main town and port of Corfu are within 8 km of the hotel.
Complete with a refrigerator, the dining area also has an electric kettle.
Barbecue facilities are also available.
The property is 1 km from Tiruchendur Bus Station and Tiruchendur Railway Station.
This boat offers free WiFi and a shared lounge.
The 24-hour front desk can secure airport shuttles.
The restaurant specialises in grilled fish and meat.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Free private parking is available on site.
The owners of Les Mimosas offer comfortable rooms with a simple decor.
A full American breakfast with tropical fruits can be enjoyed daily.
The pool bar features an open fireplace and serves refreshing drinks.
The unit is just 200 metres from the São Bento Train Station and from Aliados Avenue.
Some units include a terrace and/or balcony with mountain views.
Guests enjoy free parking and free Wi-Fi, which is available in the entire apartment.
Some suites offer a living room and a kitchen with a fridge, oven and cooking utensils.
A daily buffet breakfast is served at the Agoura Hills Hampton Inn.
Rooms here are modern and stylish. Each air-conditioned room comes with a TV, mini-fridge and sofa seating area.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries.
They are equipped with with a TV, oven and refrigerator.
The property is 800 metres from Basilica of Saint Martin and 1.5 km from Vinci International Congress Center. Place Plumereau is 800 metres away.
Guests benefit from balcony.
A selection of restaurants and bars can be found within a 15-minute walking distance of the accommodation.
In the morning, guests can enjoy a rich Turkish breakfast served in buffet style.
Zernez Train Station, a supermarket, and several shops are only a short walk away.
There is a full kitchenette with a stovetop, an oven and a refrigerator.
Diving activities can be organised by the hosts and shuttle services to Burgas Airport, 30 km away, are provided at a surcharge.
Santa Maria and Santa Clara Golf Courses are within 3 km of the hotel.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Both rooms with shared or private bathrooms can be booked and some of them feature garden views.
They are located just 150 metres from the sandy beach, restaurants, cafés and supermarkets.
To rejuvenate, guests can unwind in the outdoor pool, enjoy spa treatments, or work out at the gym.
Marble bathroom includes a bathtub, hairdryer and free toiletries.
Main Bus Station can be reached by foot in 7 minutes, while the Train Station is 1.5 km away. Tirana Airport is 18.5 km from Vila Alba.
Málaga Airport is 15 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
All of its elegantly furnished rooms are air-conditioned and come equipped with a satellite TV and a tea and coffee maker.
The homestay also offers bike hire and car hire.
The rooms at the YHA contain a mix of both double beds and bunk beds.
Only 100 metres from the Aegean coast, this stone-made mansion offers a cosy garden and authentic rooms with air conditioning.
Private and shared accommodation is available, and all rooms have access to common bathroom facilities.
The room here will provide you with a satellite flat-screen TV and a minibar.
Giac Lam Pagoda is 3.3 km away.
Other facilities include a terrace, garden furniture and barbeque. Outside you will find a place for a bonfire.
Featuring a garden, terrace and free WiFi, Alexia Rooms offers apartments in Tsoukalades in Lefkada.
Yudanaka Train Station is a 7-minute drive away.
The nearest restaurant, as well as a spa area and a reception desk can be found in the neigbouring hotel, only 200 metres away.
Guests can enjoy an outdoor pool and sun terrace at this hotel.
Located off of Interstate 35, this hotel is just a 5-minute drive from historic downtown Faribault, Minnesota.
The property is suitable for 5 guests and 1 child under 4 years.
Fresh fish and other Cretan delicacies can be enjoyed at the on-site restaurant, which offers unobstructed views of the Libyan Sea.
Free parking is available on site.
The A5 motorway is less than 2 km away.
Featuring free WiFi access, a restaurant and located only a 7-minute drive from the city centre, Hostal Huaytiquina offers accommodations in Calama.
Rooms are simply furnished and come with lake views and a desk.
In Suite is situated in Palermo, 800 metres from Palermo Cathedral and 1.2 km from Palazzo dei Normanni.
A cross-country ski run, a toboggan run, a golf course and a swimming pool are just a few minutes' walk away.
Towels and bed linen are offered at Studio Bora Bora.
This Dayton, Tennessee Americas Best Value Inn offers a free airport shuttle service and rooms equipped with free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
Some rooms offer spectacular views of the lake.
Baratti is 32 km from Appartamento Martina, while Massa Marittima is 43 km from the property.
Guests can benefit from the hotel’s 24-hour front desk.
Hotel Miramonti Corvara offers a quiet location in Corvara, surrounded by the Dolomite mountains.
A transfer service to and from Lamezia Terme Airport is available on request and at an additional cost.
Every room includes a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
Barbecue facilities are also available.
Patitiri Port, where a variety of restaurants and shops is featured, lies within 1.5 km from Almira Rooms.
Guests can request for a relaxing massage or go snorkelling in the sea.
Free private, on-site parking is possible.
Bed linen is provided.
You can find a restaurant, café, and grocery shop within a 10-minute walk of Kremlin Yard Apartments.
Each room includes a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
Located in Kalami, the family-run Villa Kotsikas is a 5-minute drive from the town and port of Vathy.
Relax by the heated outdoor pool and spa pool at Pelican Cove, only 15 minutes’ drive from Surfers Paradise.
Domodedovo International Airport is 54 km away.
Guest House Sayal features free WiFi .
Featuring a shower, private bathroom comes with free toiletries and slippers.
Noreña is a peaceful and attractive village with well-preserved period buildings, a number of bars and restaurant serving fantastic Asturian cuisine, historical architecture and monuments and all surrounded by breathtaking countryside and lush mountainous terrain.
It features a sauna and gym, plus a games room and TV lounge.
Guided desert walks are offered here.
Leisure options include sightseeing tours organized by the tour desk and karaoke rooms.
Lithuanian National Opera and Ballet Theatre is 1.9 km from Apartment in Pylimo.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Fuchsmühle in the Medieval town of Rothenburg ob der Tauber offers country-style rooms and apartments with free Wi-Fi internet.
Free WiFi is provided .
Offering a restaurant, Renaissance is located in Port-au-Prince. This hotel features free Wi-Fi and on-site parking and is just a 2-minute drive from Eagle Market.
Breakfast includes fruit juices, cappuccinos and coffee, as well as biscuits, cakes and cold cuts with cheese.
Those who want to explore the sights will find Triberg Waterfalls are just 9.5 km away.
At Inn at the Falls you will find a bar.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Each offers with satellite TV and a furnished balcony.
The property offers free private parking.
At Hostel Niepodległości you will find a shared kitchen.
This hotel in Cologne offers free Wi-Fi internet via hotspot in public areas.
Exclusive colourful flat in the city is located a 3-minute walk away from Deak Ferenc Square Metro Station, a 13-minute walk away from Vaci Street and a 14-minute walk away from Chain Bridge.
The Búzios centre is a 5-minute drive away, where many entertainment options lie on Rua das Pedras Road.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Wi-Fi and a snack bar are available.
This holiday home is 67 km from Billund Airport.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Each apartment has a kitchen to prepare meals in which includes an oven, a stove and a fridge.
The nearest airport is Zadar Airport, 30 km from the property.
Located between Parukarka and Vitkov Parks, Hotel Prokopka is housed in a building dating back to 1930s.
Some units have views of the mountain or city.
The staff at the tour desk can assist with making travel arrangements.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
The house is situated next to a number of trekking routes.
Zvenigorod is 37 km from Garden club hotel & spa, while Mytishchi is 34 km from the property.
The spacious well-appointed rooms have LCD TVs, free Wi-Fi and are air-conditioned.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Free WiFi access is available.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, ticketing service and a tour desk.
Reve’s restaurant specialises in Italian cuisine and dishes from Emilia Romagna.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and cable channels.
Free private parking is available.
Apartments also have a balcony, a spacious living room and a second bathroom.
Free WiFi is available throughout the residence.
The hotel offers 24-hour front desk service and free private on-site parking.
Karon Temple Wat Suvarnkiri is 1.9 km from Sea & Sky Karon 1 bedroom Apartment, while Karon Roundabout is 2.1 km from the property.
Free WiFi is provided.
There is a garden and a lift on the property.
Apartments Paolo also includes a barbecue.
Barcelona El Prat Airport is 12 km from the property.
The property offers free parking.
Nearest grocery store can be found 2 km from the property.
A 37-inch flat-screen cable TV, microwave, and small refrigerator are included in all rooms at the Best Western Garden Inn.
A rich breakfast is available each morning.
The restaurant at Olimpia offers original international and traditional Polish cuisine and guests can also relax with a drink at the hotel’s bar.
Featuring a balcony with Broadwater views, a cable TV and a seating area, the apartments at Pacific Resort are a 5-minute drive to Main Beach. The resort offers a heated pool and free undercover security parking.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and fishing.
The en suite bathrooms have a hairdryer.
Guests can enjoy an outdoor pool, on-site bar, and free in-room Wi-Fi.
The bathroom comes with a shower.
Towels are available.
The nearest airport is Bandaranaike International Airport, 82 km from Hotel Premier.
State Historical Museum is 3.9 km from Apartment on Bolshaya Pereyaslavskaya, while GUM Department Store is 3.9 km from the property.
Some accommodation types feature in-room kitchen facilities.
Set in San Sebastián, this apartment features a patio. The property features views of the sea and is 2.5 km from Victoria Eugenia Theatre.
Offering an outdoor pool, Hôtel Gîtes U Pozzu is located in Evisa.
Just a 10-minute drive from the centre of Lille, Le Chateau des Ormes offers Bed and Breakfast accommodation housed in a 19th-centure château, surrounded by 22,000 m2 of green surroundings.
Located off Highway 59, this hotel offers a free airport shuttle to George Bush Intercontinental Airport, just 8 km away.
You can find a wide variety of fashionable bars, restaurants and shops within a 5-minute walk of the apartments.
Surrounded by nature and offering stunning views of mountains and the Aeolian Islands, Montalbano Hotel provides free WiFi and comfortable, modern accommodation.
Termini Train Station in 9 metro stops away, and free Wi-Fi is available.
Ferienwohnungen Triebels feature a kitchen or kitchenette with a dining area.
Each air-conditioned room features a TV with cable channels, a desk and a refrigerator. Each also has a private bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
Budapest Opera Minihotel is situated right by the famous Budapest Opera House, at the beginning of the UNESCO-protected Andrássy Avenue.
The apartment is 500 metres from Novy Vek Shopping Centre.
The nearest airport is Vaclav Havel Prague Airport, 12 km from Art-Apartments Skolska.
At Hotel Darpan Palace you will find an airport shuttle and a terrace. Other facilities offered at the property include a ticket service, a tour desk and luggage storage.
This hostel also offers 24-hour front desk assistance, 2 patios, a shared TV lounge, a terrace and a bar.
A free shuttle service to the ski lifts is also available.
The holiday home can accommodate up to 5 persons.
They come with a satellite, flat-screen TV, electric kettle, minibar and air conditioning.
Guests can also enjoy a games room with table tennis and table football.
Located in the Lincoln Road shopping district, this gay-friendly Miami Beach boutique hotel features a complimentary men-only self-service spa including a steam room, dry sauna, and hot tub.
With a garden and BBQ facilities, the property produces and sells olive oil and wine.
Manhattan is 35 minutes’ underground journey.
Free Wi-Fi is available in most units.
Rethymno Town is 8 km away.
Santiago Bernabéu Stadium is 1.9 km from Avenida America Apartments, while Palacio de Congresos de Madrid is 2.1 km away.
Chate Tiendas Bungalow is located in the Aragonese countryside just outside Sarvisé, a short drive from the Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park.
Holiday home Lupinvej XI is located in Bøtø By and can accommodate up to six persons.
Sivagiri Mutt is 3.2 km from Rita's homestay, while Ponnumthuruthu Island is 6 km from the property.
Parking is available for free.
The Luminous Fountain and the beach are 2 minutes’ walk away.
Szczecin Goleniów Airport is located 51 km away.
Guarulhos International Airport is located 23 km away.
At the Atlantico Hotel there is also a further swimming pool.
It offers self-catering accommodation with a balcony.
They come with balconies, seating area with a sofa and flat-screen satellite TV. The private bathrooms offer a shower and free toiletries.
Some also have access to a private terrace or lounge.
The fully equipped kitchen features a dishwasher, microwave, stovetop and oven.
The Nikitski Monastery can be found 3 km away, with Lake Pleshcheyevo and the Spaso-Preobrazhensky Cathedral 4 km from the motel.
The resort has a terrace and a private beach area, and guests can enjoy a drink at the bar.
At Familienhotel Ponyhof there is a restaurant on site with regional and seasonal cuisine.
Private bathrooms come with a bath or shower.
You can play table tennis at the property, and the area is popular for cycling and hiking.
Breakfast is served every morning and includes fresh fruit, eggs, and meat.
A number of art galleries are also in the vicinity.
All rooms have a kettle for making tea or coffee.
You can play table tennis at the guest house.
Chiang Rai Clock Tower is 3 km away from Mech Mansion, while Mae Fah Luang- Chiang Rai International Airport is a 20-minute ride away.
Enabling access to many parts of the city, Avlabar Metro Station is 1.4 km away.
Located in Almaty, Apartments on ulitsa Toraygirova offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi.
The rooms at the La Pierre à Catillon all come with private bathroom facilities and an electric kettle.
The resort offers free snorkeling and a free airport shuttle.
It also includes 5 bathrooms, one of which comes with spa bath.
There are many restaurants specialising in Tuscan cuisine surrounding the hotel.
It is 13 km from Barbaresco, while Barolo is a 25-minute drive away.
Guided tours and museum tickets can be reserved on site.
The centre of Funchal is 18 km away and Madeira Airport is 9 km away.
Guests may cook their own meals in the kitchenette at their disposal.
Both conference rooms are fully equipped and can accommodate up to 60 people respectively.
The Kotka Townhouse is decorated in a modern style with light interior.
The hillside Mercure Teda Dalian comes with guestrooms that enjoy lovely views of the hills.
Bari Karol Wojtyla Airport is 4 km away.
Suvarnabhumi Airport is a 90-minute drive away.
The nearest airport is Harstad/Narvik Airport, 113 km from the property.
They all have a private bathroom with hairdryer and toiletries.
Featuring free WiFi and a terrace, Guest House Na Viktoriy offers accommodation in Essentuki, 19 km from Kislovodsk.
The hotel provides a designated smoking area, newspapers and a 24-hour front desk with luggage storage facilities.
The property offers free parking.
Facing the impressive Storgalten mountain range, this lodge is located in Nord-Lenangen.
Each comes with a well-equipped kitchen with a stove and microwave oven.
Guest can enjoy cocktails and snacks in The Lounge in Paragon Hotel.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and towels.
Hotel Concordia is 100 metres from Plaza Fundadores Square and 2 minutes’ walk from Federico Silva Museum.
The hotel is just 100 metres from the sea, separated only by a pine forest.
Enjoy excellent cuisine at the cosy restaurant before you head out.
Baltimore - Washington International Airport is 12 miles away.
Air-conditioned rooms feature rustic red-tiled floors, light wood furnishings and wrought-iron bedsteads.
You can enjoy sea view and pool view.
Sentido Gold Island’s bright rooms are carpeted and decorated with soothing colours.
The kitchen is fitted with an oven and a microwave. A flat-screen TV and PS3, as well as an iPad and a laptop are provided.
Guests are welcome to dine on the terrace during the summer.
Only 1 km from Ulus Metro Station, Sergah Hotel is within walking distance to the nearest bus stop and 5 km to the main bus terminal.
The nearest airport is Florence Airport, 44 km from the property.
An in-house chef is available to prepare meals upon request.
Some rooms have a terrace with views of the sea and some of the suites are decorated with original artwork.
The air-conditioned rooms include a minibar, bed linen, tea/coffee making facilities and a renovated shared bathroom.
A continental breakfast is served every day.
Grantley Adams Airport is located 10.3 km from the property, while Barbados Museum and Historical Society is 6.3 km away.
Guests enjoy complimentary coffee and tea.
Guided hikes are organised in summer.
Maria B&B will provide you with a ticket for your free breakfast.
The Beverley Arms is also the home of the Courtyard Wine Bar and Restaurant, a popular cocktail and wine bar. It features great local produce, table service, music, cocktails and a comprehensive wine list with over 30 wines.
Set in Hoeselt, B&B De Fruithoeve offers a private garden which includes a terrace, several fruit trees and a children’s playground.
Guests enjoy free Wi-Fi in the property’s common areas.
At Residencia International you will find a garden and a shared kitchen. Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage. The property offers free parking.
Satellite TV and free Wi-Fi access are standard.
There is a private bathroom with a shower.
Party Area King Street 73 is an apartment situated in Budapest, 700 metres from State Opera House. The unit is 1.1 km from St. Stephen's Basilica.
Some rooms have a private bathroom with a spa bath, while others have free toiletries and a hair dryer.
The tour desk can offer tips for getting around the area.
Bovec - Kanin cable car is 600 metres away from Apartments Hiša Brdo 48, while the nearest ski bus stop is 100 metres away.
There is an infrared cabin which guests can use for a surcharge.
Each apartment features a kitchenette, dining and living area.
Cruises can be taken along Keswick's lake, Derwentwater.
The air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a TV and seating area with sofa. There is a full a kitchenette with a refrigerator and dining area.
Free coffee is available all day and there is a kettle for making tea.
The restaurant Etage is located on the top floor of the hotel with panoramic views over Riga.
Cairo’s city centre is 10 km from Le Passage Hotel.
Featuring a terrace with city views, fan-cooled rooms are fitted with tiled flooring, a wardrobe and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
The town ́s train station and the University of Szeged Congress Center are a 10-minute walk away, while the Water Tower and St. Stephan's Square are 2.7 km away.
This air-conditioned apartment comes with 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms and has a comfortable living and dining area.
Featuring an on-site grocery shop, the property is surrounded by pine trees and several restaurants on the beach.
Daily breakfast is served as an open buffet.
Each apartment and studio includes air conditioning, satellite TV and a kitchenette.
It offers rooms with free WiFi and serves a daily continental breakfast.
The centre of Nijmegen is less than a 15-minute drive away and the Hoge Veluwe National Park is 40 minutes away by car.
Shashubaya Apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in Balqash.
Free parking is provided on site.
Busch Gardens is 8.5 miles from Fairfield Inn & Suites.
All rooms include a flat-screen TV, desk, wardrobe and private bathroom.
Located in Panama City’s Calidonia district, Hotel Pension Corona features simple, modern rooms with private bathrooms. It is within 5 minutes’ walk of 2 bus stops and is less than 1 km from the city's seafront.
Elegantly furnished, air-conditioned rooms come with parquet flooring, a wardrobe, a flat-screen cable TV and seating area.
Alternatively guests can visit the multitude of restaurants within walking distance serving not only the Portuguese gastronomy but international cuisine as well.
Rooms include a flat-screen TV and tea/coffee facilities.
Piraeus Port is 3.5 km away, while the city centre of Athens is at 7.5 km.
The private bathroom comes with a shower or tub and free toiletries.
The cosy rooms at Dormani Hotel Kuching come with modern décor and have plenty of natural light.
Trogir Old Town Apartments offers rooms and apartments, all of which are air-conditioned and have en suite bathroom.
The rooms all feature satellite TV, a hairdryer and air conditioning, and some rooms also have a private patio.
At Ningbo Hai Yi Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a mini-market.
Tropicana Azure Club also features a fitness centre, a games room, and a limousine service.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The Óbidos Monastery is at a 25-minute drive from the medieval town of Óbidos and a 15-minute drive from the Alcobaça Monastery. The Atlantic Ocean is a 30 minutes' away from Quinta Encosta das Freiras. Caldas da Rainha town is a 15-minutes drive away. Lisbon International Airport is within a 1-hour drive from the guesthouse.
Featuring a restaurant, Hostal Chumay offers accommodations with free WiFi access in Coñaripe.
Featuring fans and large glass windows, rooms at Casa del Kurupira are bright and spacious. Rooms either offer a private or shared bathroom.
The newly constructed apartments are situated in Nerja just a stone’s throw away from the beach.
The nearest airport is Jeju International Airport, 2 km from the property.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, a patio and an iPad.
Featuring free WiFi, Lo Studio Guest House offers pet-friendly accommodation in Rome. Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
It is a 1-hour drive from Auckland, Hamilton and Tauranga.
Volterra is a 20-minute drive from Il Palagione.
Grocers, restaurants and bars are a 5-minute walk away.
In winter, guests can relax in the sauna and the steam bath.
The closest bus stop is 100 metres from the building and a supermarket can be reached within 200 metres.
Free WiFi is accessible at the property.
Free WiFi is available in the rooms and they come complete with a fan, mosquito net and private bathroom.
Sutanraja Hotel Convention & Recreation is a 15-minute drive from Sam Ratulangi International Airport, and a 20-minute drive from downtown Manado.
Some rooms also have a balcony or terrace.
Other facilities at Le Rose include a terrace.
Guests can read newspapers accompanied with hot and cold beverages at spacious lobby area.
Other facilities like ski storage, ski equipment hire and ski pass vendor are offered.
It features a daily buffet breakfast, a business centre and complimentary Wi-Fi access.
De Panne is 6 km from De Grote Zeemeeuwen and Nieuwpoort is a 11-minute drive away.
Home of Coconut Haikou Yindian Garden offers accommodation in Haikou.
Bed linen is offered.
Buses to the centre of Urbino stop in front of The Green Valley.
Situated next to Epping Forest, Maria’s Guest House offers free on-site parking and free WiFi.
Look forward to a delicious, complimentary breakfast buffet each morning in the Mediterranean-style breakfast room.
The rooms at Paraiso del Sol have a fan, cable TV and a working desk. Some unites are air conditioned.
Car rentals and airport transfer services are provided upon request.
Breakfast is also provided each morning.
There are several restaurants, bars and shops on Passeig de Gràcia and in the surrounding area.
The property is 1 km from town centre of Yalikavak and 18 km from the city centre of Bodrum.
Usadba Na ozere also includes a sauna and offers massage treatments.
Au Bon Accueil’s restaurant prepared traditional French cuisine and continental breakfast daily, served in the chic dining area.
Rentals of motorbikes and bicycles are also possible.
Split Airport is 45 km away.
The in-house restaurant serves à la carte breakfast and offers guests to enjoy meals in the comfort of their beds.
Just 500-metres from Belongil Beach, Hideaway At Belongil is a 1-bedroom apartment featuring a balcony.
Offering a terrace and views of the mountain, Green Meadows is situated in Ciampino, 13 km from Rome.
Situated close to the centre of the village of Leysin, opposite the Leysin Vermont cog railway station, the VillaVermont offers you panoramic views and free Wi-Fi in all rooms.
Situated right on a private beach in Faliraki, Mitsis Alila Resort & Spa features indoor and outdoor swimming pools, Italian, Mexican and sushi restaurants, as well as a spa centre.
Clarks Khajuraho is 1.4 km from Khajuraho Airport and 2.5 km from Panna National Park.
At Chok Dee Guesthouse II you will find a a shared lounge, laundry services and baggage storage.
All apartments are air-conditioned and include a living room with a seating area and a flat-screen satellite TV. Each one has a kitchen with a dining area and a bathroom fitted with a shower. A washing machine and free toiletries are included into each unit.
WiFi is provided in the public areas.
The property is 900 metres from Atalaia Beach and 900 metres from Passarela do Caranguejo.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
All rooms and apartments have simple furnishings and a fridge.
A safety deposit box and a tea/coffee maker are also provided.
Located in Vilano Beach, this Art Deco motel features an outdoor swimming pool as well as free parking and free Wi-Fi.
The rooms at van Nieuwland have cable TV, a minibar and a work desk.
Saint Sarkis Cathedral is 800 metres from U Morya Apartment.
Kortrijk’s city centre features numerous historic buildings, such as the Town Hall and the Belfry of Kortrijk.
A golf course is 2 km away, and the surrounding Bavarian countryside is ideal for hiking, cycling and skiing.
Guests can relax in the residents’ lounge, and enjoy a full cooked breakfast from a varied menu in the morning.
Every room is fitted with a flat-screen TV with cable channels. You will find a kettle in the room.
A pizzeria-restaurant is available 150 metres away.
Each apartment has a balcony and free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
At LA PALOMA you will find a garden, a solarium, a conference room, and a seating area.
Rooms at this property feature air-conditioning, a minibar and a flat-screen TV.
Guests can read newspapers in the lobby or enjoy relaxing massages.
Breakfast is available daily in the breakfast area or in the privacy of the guest rooms.
Kista Galleria is 1 km away, while Arlanda Airport is 30 km away from StayAt Hotel Apartments Kista.
Each with woden floors and furnishings, guest rooms are heated and come with private bathroom with shower and hairdryer.
Rooms at Auberge de la Fontaine are equipped with a TV, telephone and private bathroom.
Ivana Franko Park is a 10-minute walk away.
An array of activities are offered in the area, such as skiing, cycling and canoeing.
Every room is equipped with a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
Other on-site facilities at Palacio de Allepuz include a meeting room and a 24-hour reception.
As of summer 2013, the Silvretta All Inclusive Card will be included in all rates during summer season.
Depending on its location, each apartment is set between 300 metres to 1.5 km from the beach.
An airport shuttle is available upon request.
Torre Oliva's restaurant serves traditional dishes of Campania and national classics.
Each room is different, to make your stay truly unique.
Avenue des Champs-Elysées is 2.1 km from Relais 12 Bis by the Eiffel tower, while Arc de Triomphe is 2.2 km away.
A buffet breakfast with both sweet and savoury items is provided daily.
The villa’s architecture and decor are inspired by the town’s pre-war villas.
Offering a restaurant and a fitness centre, Gold Leaf Hotel is located 1 km from the Caudan Waterfront in Port Louis. Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The nearest restaurant and the grocery shop can be reached within 300 metres.
The A20 motorway exit is a 10-minute drive away.
Just a 10-minute walk from Bournemouth’s shops and restaurants, Hotel Royale is a 15-minute walk from the Bournemouth International Centre.
Property is suitabl;e for 6 guests.
The Pratt County Fairgrounds are 3.5 km away.
Offering free Wi-Fi, an 8-person hot tub and a swimming pool, this hotel provides rooms with an LCD satellite TV just 3 minutes’ from Wangaratta’s town centre.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing and hiking.
You can easily reach central Málaga on the number 24 bus, which stops nearby.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
They feature an en suite bathroom, comfy beds and all of the standard amenities.
Each bedroom has wardrobe, a flat-screen TV and en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
A traditional café provides local spirits and coffee and guests can relax with a drink at the piano bar.
Situated in the centre of Beloretsk, this hotel is located in one of the most popular ski resorts in the South Urals.
The nearest airport is Aeropuerto de Ibiza Airport, 10 km from Destino I.
The house is made up of 2 bedrooms and 2 shower rooms. The living room opens on to the garden at both the north and south end of the house.
Alternatively, there are other seafood and options for Chinese cuisine within walking distance.
Featuring an outdoor pool, terrace, and BBQ facilities, Fattoria di Collemezzano is a farm that produces extra virgin olive oil in the Tuscan countryside. Cecina is a 10-minute drive away.
Guests are required to go to the Check-in Desk located a 3-minute walk from JR Kyoto Station in order to check in.
Extras include a washing machine and a tumble dryer.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as diving, cycling and hiking.
The unit has accommodation in double rooms and deluxe double rooms, the latter being larger and including a sofa bed.
Staff is available 24/7 at the reception desk.
With garden views, apartments and studios offer a fan, wooden floors and a bathroom with a bath, slippers and a hairdryer.
Free private parking is possible at the property.
Casa Su Rotaie features free WiFi throughout the property.
The apartment offers mountain views and features a kitchenette with a dining area, a flat-screen cable TV, a seating area, a bathroom, and a washing machine.
Guests enjoy special rates at nearby private beaches.
You can find a restaurant on site which offers authentic local dishes.
The Acteón Valencia restaurant serves Mediterranean cuisine and there is a café-bar with a piano.
Fontana Nieuweschans thermal bath is 15 minutes by car.
Izhevsk Train Station is 40 km from Raduga Izhevsk Hotel Club.
Bridgefield Guest House offers air-conditioned accommodation with free Wi-Fi and free car parking.
Apartamento Gramado is a self-catering accommodation located in Gramado, 3 km from both Festivals Palace and Saint Peter's Church.
The nearest airport is Osaka Itami Airport, 38 km from the property.
Guest House Pilsētnieki is located in picturesque surroundings by the Slampes Lake and 500 meters from the village of Slampe.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage and laundry facilities.
Laurel at Bishop's Gate are equipped with cable TV, a radio and an iPod docking station.
Each apartment comprises a private bathroom with a shower.
The property includes a lounge with TV and internet terminal.
The property offers free parking.
In around 10 minutes you can walk to Andalusia International University, Rábida Monastery and Carabelas Pier.
B&B Arco dell'orologio is located in Trapani.
The private bathrooms are equipped with a shower and toilet. Free Wi-Fi access is provided.
At Hotel Mandarin you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Each room here will provide you with a patio and a terrace.
All of the rooms at Beyaz Ev feature a seating area, refrigerator and an LCD TV with satellite channels.
In-room dining is possible.
Dalaman Airport is 40 km away.
A convenient 5-minute walk to Silom MRT Subway Station, The Pavillion Place offers free private parking.
Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a patio and a terrace.
The library features beautiful wooden walls and a traditional fireplace
Situated in Phuket Town, this apartment features free WiFi. Guests benefit from balcony.
The continental breakfast can be sampled on the terrace.
Located in the innovative Valdaro Business Centre building, Mantova Residence offers studios with free Wi-Fi and air conditioning.
Kusadasi city centre is 13 km from this pet friendly property.
At Mare e Sole you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace.
El Vegano’s restaurant serves traditional cuisine with a daily set menu and à la carte options, while the café-bar offers a range of sandwiches and tapas.
Guests will also be 4 minutes’ drive from shopping and restaurants at Pier Park.
The private bathrooms come with free toiletries.
Residenza D'Epoca Giraldi is a 5-minute walk from Palazzo Giraldi and Firenze Santa Maria Novella Train Station is a 15-minute walk away.
Guests can also enquire about the possibility of on-site massages and/or catering at Les Chalets Alpins Stoneham.
Ottaviano Metro Station is a 5-minute walk from the property, while Via Cola di Rienzo shopping street is 180 metres away.
Facilities at Terra Santa Pousada include a TV with a fireplace and a well-equipped shared kitchen.
Cafés and supermarkets can also be found here.
Hermitage Museum is 13 km from 15th floor.
Guests receive a complimentary 1 hour gym training in the fitness and regeneration facilities.
Offering modern yet cosy accommodation in Neuquén, El Amucan features double, triple and quadruple rooms with free WiFi access and city views.
The nearest airport is Baden Airport, 68 km from Gästehaus Schüber.
Guests can choose from rooms or serviced apartments.
The property offers free parking.
Most rooms include cable TV.
The property features a restaurant, a 24-hour reception and free Wi-Fi access.
Pasajeros Pier and Malecón are 400 metres away.
A further selection of restaurants can be found within a 5-minute walking distance of the accommodation.
Rent Top Apartments Passeig de Gràcia is situated in central Barcelona, surrounded by shops, restaurants and bars.
Set in Acharavi, 22 km from Corfu Town, Seaside Yellow House features air-conditioned rooms and free private parking.
Other activities on offer include riding, windsurfing and cycling.
Combining modern amenities with old-world charm, the Château D'Alteville is a stylish hotel offering free Wi-Fi, a lovely terrace and antique furniture in the heart of Lorraine.
The house has a kitchenette with a dishwasher and an oven.
An en suite bathroom is also provided.
Aqualand Torremolinos is 1.1 km from Apartamento Pepa Bajondillo.
The hotel has 40 guest rooms in total, ranging from standard hotel rooms with en suite facilities to the larger Family Rooms offering spacious open-plan living.
Prato Central Station is 1.2 km from the property, while Pecci Contemporary Art Museum is a 15-minute walk away.
Lamberts Bay and its famous Bird Island Nature Reserve is 44 km away.
The traditionally designed fan-cooled rooms have tile/marble flooring and cable TV.
Free private parking is available on site.
The hotel is conveniently 8 km from Miri Airport. San Qing Tien Taoist Temple and Boulevard Shopping Complex are within 18.2 km away.
A welcome kit including water, juices, milk and snacks is provided.
Private bathrooms have a shower and a bath.
Located 6 km from Mariinsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi. The unit is 6 km from Lenexpo Exhibition Complex.
The nearest airport is Perugia San Francesco d'Assisi Airport, 83 km from Loggia.
The local pub and a supermarket are within 5 minutes' walk.
The property offers free parking.
The architecture of each room features touches of regional design which mixes wood with local stone.
The and alarm- and video-secured property contains 6 individual accommodation units, all containing satellite TV, a safety deposit box, a functionally equipped kitchenette and a private bathroom.
Bed linen, towels and cleaning products are provided.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including golfing, zip lining and snorkelling.
This large guest house has a garden, a spacious and homely lounge and bar and free Wi-Fi.
You will also have a fully equipped kitchenette and a fireplace.
Spinola Bay is 200 metres away.
Free WiFi access is offered here.
You can find a fitness centre on site.
The Erzherzog Franz Ferdinand Gasthof is 1 km from the A1 motorway and 18 km from the centre of Linz.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for cycling.
The nearest airport is Mineralnye Vody Airport, 90 km from Aparthotel Shukova 39.
Unwind in the sauna and heated whirlpool, or indulge yourself with a massage and wellness treatment.
Crispi Hotel is set in a historic building.
The tour desk can book boat tours of the Bay of Island and bus tours to Cape Reinga.
Room service is also offered.
The on-site sauna is also available (booking might be necessary).
Bike rental and an airport shuttle are provided for an extra charge.
The kitchen or kitchenette includes an oven, and kettles can be provided on request.
Hotel Ebi is a 15-minute drive from Lake Titisee, 40 minutes from Freiburg and a 60-minute drive from the Europapark Theme Park in Rust.
A balcony offering panoramic mountain views is standard in every room. The rooms further feature a bathroom with a hairdryer and a shower or a bathtub.
Chelsea FC is 1.1 km from The Mowbray Court Hotel, while Olympia Exhibition Centre is 1.3 km away.
There are hiking paths in the area and various ski regions can be easily reached.
Thanh Thuy Hotel Saigon is located in the city centre, a 7-minute walk from Ben Thanh Market.
There is a spacious playground on site as well as beach volleyball, basketball court, and table tennis.
There is also a library that provides a variety of magazines and books.
Metz-Nancy-Lorraine Airport is 33 km from the property.
Ngurah Rai International Airport is reachable by a 40-minute car ride from the property.
Discounts are available on the beach, which is free if you book a weekly stay. Free bicycles are available at reception, and guests have free access to an outdoor swimming pool nearby.
Leisurely afternoons can be spent at the outdoor pool, which boasts spa jets and sun loungers. Alternatively, guests can make use of the sauna and steam rooms available.
The Logis Moderne features 27 guest rooms fitted with bath or shower, TV and all the modern comfort.
Situated in front of the Monte Cavallo ski slopes, Hotel Maibad is a 10-minute walk from Vipiteno town centre.
After a busy day, guests can enjoy a meal at the hotel's Meritage Restaurant and Wine Bar.
Guests can visit the Cefalù Church and the Mandralisca Museum.
Sailing Center Vietnam is 300 metres away.
Guests enjoy TV and refrigerator.
It is a 15-minute drive from Nice Train Station, the port and the viewpoint at Mont Boron.
Piazza della Signoria square is 250 metres away, while Santa Maria Novella Train Station can be reached in 10 minutes on foot.
Guests of the Casa Capsa hotel receive a 5% discount in the on-site restaurant.
A buffet breakfast made from local ingredients is served daily.
Select suites are furnished with fully equipped kitchens.
Each room includes a coffee machine.
This beach guesthouse offers practical rooms with a great location, only 300 metres from Castanheiras Beach.
Rooms are tastefully furnished and free WiFi is available in the property's common areas.
Palheiro Golf Course is 5 Km away and the Religious Art Museum is an 11-minute walk.
Each room at the B&B Molenaar offers a flat-screen TV with cable, seating area, and shared bathroom and toilet.
7ning Apartment is an 8-minute walk from Nanjing South Railway Station and Metro South Railway Station.
Horse riding, hiking and fishing opportunities are offered to guests of this campsite.
The homestay is just a 15-minute drive to Jinguashi Park.
Decorated with light brown accents, each guest room is equipped with a flat-screen cable TV with extended film and sports channels such as HBO and ESPN. There is a work desk in each room.
Lugano is 40 km from Appartamento Velda, while Bellaggio is a 35-minute drive away.
Each of the rooms at Newhotel come furnished with a work desk and a seating area with satellite TV.
The Lobbybar serves breakfast each morning, as well as lunch and dinner.
Dusseldorf International Airport is 24 km away.
Activities in the surrounding area include cycling and mini golf.
Guests enjoy daily breakfast and free WiFi.
Train Station is within a few kilometres from the Odessa Gate Apartments 2.
The beaches around Cala Millor can be reached in approximately 15 minutes by car.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
The air-conditioned unit is 10 km from Ga'aton River, and guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
Baan Leo Villa is 300 metres from Jomtien Beach.
The restaurant serves regional specialities, as well as Italian cuisine.
Suites all have separate living areas with crystal chandeliers and oriental rugs.
Vegetables and fruit from the Pansion's garden and orchard as well as homemade bread and cakes are offered.
The Coast to Coast cycle route passes close to the property.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
The luxurious, newly-built Iceberg Hotel boasts a premier location in the heart of the popular ski resort Borovets, offering an impressive design and magnificent panoramic views.
The large terrace is the ideal place to enjoy Mediterranean cuisine or refreshing drinks while admiring the sea or a romantic sunset.
Zvartnots International Airport is 22 km from the property.
All rooms of Galata Camlik Hotel are tastefully decorated with comfortable furniture.
Staff can provide travel assistance and laundry service.
Grenoble - Isère Airport is located 73 km away.
The poets Giosuè Carducci, Erminia Fuà lived at San Liberale.
A wide range of activities with a surcharge such as a private photo session, photojournalism holiday, and private lessons are available.
Ensuite bathrooms also come with a shower.
A 24-hour room service is also available.
There is also an en suite bathroom and some rooms have a spa bath.
A fridge, a microwave and kitchenware are also provided.
El Dorado International Airport is 15 km away.
Each room here will provide you with a terrace and a seating area. Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
The mud beach in Soline is 6 km away, while the Biserujka Cave is 12 km away.
Holiday Villa Estrella Polar is 10 minutes’ drive away from the centre of Moraira, offering a wide range of shops, lively bars and restaurants serving Mediterranean cuisine.
You can engage in various activities, such as fishing, hiking or swimming.
Studios come with an equipped kitchenette.
An oven, a fridge and a stovetop can be found in the kitchen.
A supermarket and a hairdresser are available on site.
Featuring a private outdoor pool, the VMAR Mareli villa is located 15 minutes’ walk from the beach in Alcanar Playa and 2.5 km from Sant Carles de la Rapita.
Located a 20 minute-drive from Playa del Inglés Beach, El Rincón de Fataga offers apartments with a shared pool and free Wi-Fi.
Every room comes with a flat-screen TV.
The kitchen has a microwave.
A wide variety of dishes of the traditional and international cuisine is served in the restaurant of the U Solné Brány hotel and a half-board is available upon request.
Simply furnished, all bright rooms include cable TV with expanded channels.
The property is an hour's drive from Malioboro Street and Adi Sucipto International Airport.
Each of the rooms includes original features and boasts modern Dutch designer furniture and décor.
Ferienwohnungen Ellmer enjoys a convenient location between Flachau and Altenmarkt im Pongau, next to a ski bus stop and just a 5-minute drive from the A10 Tauern Motorway.
Guests can enjoy a visit to the on-site church and museum.
Free parking spaces are available on site.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
It offers a restaurant, and modern self-catering accommodation, surrounded by its well-kept and spacious garden.
You can also visit the original wine cellars and a small rural museum.
The central business district is 7 km away.
The Saint Graal is located in Chamant, near the A1 motorway, 45 km from the north of Paris.
Shuttle service is provided.
Rooms feature either a private or shared bathroom.
The hotel is 550 metres from the Shin-Yokohama Ramen Museum.
The ample bathrooms include built-in mirror TV, bathtub and upscale free toiletries.
Fitted with wooden flooring, rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV and a seating area. Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with slippers.
Yunmengyuan provides barbeque and karaoke facilities.
Meals are served at the multi-award winning, Verbena Restaurant.
After an active day, relax in the Weber’s bright, spacious apartments.
Cooled by a fan or air conditioning, rooms feature a private terrace, wardrobe and a private bathroom with a shower.
Every room is fitted with a private bathroom, offering a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Packed lunches can be requested and there is a bar.
Only 2 km away from Occheuteal Beach, it features clean and comfortable guestrooms equipped with free WiFi access.
La Siciliana is located 10 km from the Airport.
Offering a restaurant and a private beach area, Solnechny Bereg Zagorodny Club is located in Iset Village, 28 km from Ekaterinburg. Free WiFi access is available.
You will find shops and restaurants in the medieval village centre of Riquewihr, a 3-minute walk away. From here you can discover the local wines and vineyards.
The restaurant serves Swabian dishes for lunch and dinner.
The bathrooms feature a bath or shower and free toiletries.
With a peaceful countryside location, Casa Vacanze La Favilletta is 10 minutes' drive from Rignano Sull'Arno.
With private covered parking, guests also have easy access to the A1 highway, 4 km away, and to the nearest beaches, 20 km away.
Guests can enjoy free WiFi access and impressive views of Volcano Copahue at the red-fronted Hotel Oriplata.
Barbecue facilities are available.
Free toiletries are provided for added convenience.
Hotel Santa Catarina’s restaurant serves typical dishes from the Algarve, as well as international cuisine.
At the 24-hour reception desk, staff can help organise bicycle and car rental.
At Motel la Entrada guests will find a bar and meeting facilities.There is also daily delivery of newspapers.
Comodoro Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport is 120 km away.
Offering a children's playground and a private beach area, Zolotoj Bereg is set in Kyrylivka. Free private parking is available on site.
It offers free parking and free Wi-Fi.
They feature a flat-screen TV, central heating and a minibar and have a private bathroom with bath.
Furnished with wood-beamed ceilings and warm colours, rooms have a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The Cathedral is 600 metres away.
You can enjoy garden view.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
This stylish apartment is bright and elegantly decorated with wooden floors and contemporary furnishings.
With easy access to Silom Area, it offers free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour front desk.
The property is a 10-minute drive from the bus station and a 25-minute drive from Viru Viru International Airport.
P-Park Residence Charansanitwong-Rama 7 is located in Bangkok’s Bangphlat Area, about 3 km from Wimanmek Palace and Dusit Zoo.
Located in Paris, Appartement de Standing Champs Elysees is 100 metres from the Champs-Élysées Avenue and 1 km from the Arc de Triomphe.
Providing water sports facilities on site, the hotel also offers tour assistance, babysitting and airport shuttle services.
Santa Caterina Market is located just 300 metres from the apartments and offers a selection of fresh produce.
At holiday home Engledet Gilleleje Denm surrounding you can find shops and restaurants.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
You can reach Les Contamines Montjoie and Megeve in 10 minutes by car.
A trouser press is provided for free.
The apartment complex in which Qbik Airport is located includes a fitness centre and an on-site restaurant.
Certain rooms feature views of the river or garden.
Shower facilities, a hairdryer and free toiletries are included in the private bathroom.
Spa facilities at Gellért include a sauna, hot tub and pool.
A supermarket and the nearest restaurant are just 100 metres away.
Lagoa Pampulha can be found within 2.8 km.
Massage services are available upon request.
Coryfo Studios & Apartments provides free parking.
The complex of Maliatim consists of apartments and maisonettes in warm earthly colours.
A beach hut overlooking Brighton and Hove seafront is available for day hire.
This 4-star-Superior hotel offers an indoor pool, on-site health and fitness centre, and free WiFi internet.
Guests can also make use of the restaurant at Hotel Zeerust.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Citrus Golf (5.7 km) and Medina (6.5 km).
Ercan Airport is 38 km away.
Free WiFi access is available.
Set near the Sant'Orsola hospital just out of Bologna's city walls, Albergo Giardinetto provides modern and comfortable budget accommodation with great transport links.
Guests benefit from balcony.
The private bathroom come with a bath or shower.
The private bathroom comes with shower.
At Albertino Guest House you will find a 24-hour front desk, a garden and a terrace. Guests can cook in the shared kitchen.
Other facilities like grocery delivery, dry cleaning and an ironing service are available.
Situated 1.5 km from Holy Spirit Cathedral in Minsk, this apartment features a balcony. The apartment is 1.5 km from Cathedral of Saint Virgin Mary.
Liceu Metro Station is 400 metres away.
You can enjoy city view and garden view.
The Southampton rail station is 5 minutes’ drive from the hotel. The Southampton Golf Club is half a mile away.
Free Wi-Fi and cable TV are included in the simply decorated guest rooms of this Weslaco hotel. In-room tea- and coffee-making facilities are also provided for added convenience.
Guests can enjoy sea and lake views from all the units.
Set on 2 levels, this elegant apartment at Eden Loft Firenze will provide you with a flat-screen TV, a seating area and an equipped kitchenette with a dishwasher and a dining table seating 6 people.
Zurich Airport is 16 km away.
Suleymaniye Mosque is 1.1 km away.
Offering panoramic views of the Indian Ocean, The Getaway Guesthouse is situated just 2 km from Amanzimtoti Beach.
The property is 400 metres from Palace of Diocletian and 200 metres from Split City Museum.
The property is 200 metres from The Plaza Surin, 700 metres from Bang Tao Temple and 900 metres from Laem Sing.
All of Ämmän Hotelli’s rooms have a private bathroom with shower and toilet.
This hotel is within a 5-minute drive of Athens and is 3 miles from the University of Georgia.
Leopard Hills is a luxury game lodge situated in the Sabi Sand Private Game Reserve. It is built on a hill overlooking a natural waterhole and offers panoramic views of the African bushveld.
Le Castel provides free Wi-Fi access available at the reception.
Each unit also has a flat-screen TV, living area and a fully equipped kitchen or kitchenette.
Apartamento Edifício Maria Julia is within 800 metres of Camboriu Praia Shopping Mall and Unipraias Park.
Continental breakfast and traditional meals are served at the restaurant.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Crocodile Farm is 800 metres from Tamasha - Zaina 402, while Kongowea Health Centre is 1.2 km from the property.
At Hellas Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Neighborhood is appropriate for various sport and recreation activities in nearby SEB Arena, football area Sportima and events arena Utenos Arena.
Boasting a terrace with hammocks and scenic sea views to Pontal do Coruripe beach, Pousada Mirante do Pontal offers practical accommodation.
The newly built Huys Aan Zee is located in Domburg, only 50 metres from the North Sea beach.
Only 5 minutes’ walk from Bergamo Train Station, Central Bed is in the heart of Bergamo.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 17 km from the property.
Located on different addresses in Belgrade’s city centre, Central Apartments features air-conditioned units with free Wi-Fi.
Offering a complimentary hot breakfast, 1862 Seasons on Main B&B is located in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.
Ecovilla Club is located outside Abades and 10 minutes’ walk from the beach.
Guests can relax in the indoor hot tub at Campbell River Travelodge.
Luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
Each has a separate seating area and en suite bathroom with shower.
It has a shared bathroom.
Colonna Hotel Du Golf is set in 4 blocks around the Rosa dei Venti square.
Guests can contact the tour desk for information regarding local excursions.
The summertime café serves homemade pastries and simple meals, while there are also BBQ facilities and a furnished terrace for guests to enjoy the garden.
Continental breakfast is served in the dining room and includes muesli, homemade bread, juice, coffee/tea and fresh fruits.
The mobile homes at Gröna Udden provide you with a furnished patio. Each has a full kitchenette with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
Quimbaya town is a 10-minute drive away.
A washing machine is featured.
Private parking is possible on site.
Bike rental is possible on site at Royal Residence Guest House.
All units at the Alpenglühn have a balcony with mountain views, free WiFi, cable TV, and a bathroom with a shower and toilet.
The stylish Dom Królów restaurant features a distinctive glass roof and offers a range of international dishes.
To explore the region, just walk outside the front door to join hiking and bike paths.
It is a rich buffet offering sweet products such as fresh pastries and croissants.
You can find a range of bars and restaurants, as well as a supermarket, within 10 minutes ́ drive.
Marconi Airport is 10 km from the property.
Anastasiya Guest House is located in Anapa, within a 15-minute walk of the Black Sea beach.
Featuring pastel brown colours and décor, rooms provide a TV with cable channels and a telephone.
Situated on a sandy beach in Salalah, this 3-star resort offers air-conditioned accommodation with a kitchenette.
Ironing facilities are provided upon request.
It also offers free parking.
A tavern lies within 50 metres from the property.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is available.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is offered daily.
All bungalows at La Finca are fully furnished and include air conditioning.
The bus stop to Jesolo Train Station is 50 metres from Villa Fiore.
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam Airport is located 4 km from the property.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is served daily, including cold meats, cakes, and fresh bread.
The area is popular for cycling and fishing.
The accommodation is air conditioned and is equipped with a TV.
Each en suite bathroom is equipped with a shower.
Guests can rent bicycles at the Moarhof.
Cala Gran Beach is 650 metres away.
Nestled a 2-minute walk from vibrant Brighton’s seafront and 10 minutes’ walk from the iconic Brighton Marine Palace and Pier, City Apartment offers a self-catering apartment with private parking.
The spacious open-plan living area includes a fully equipped kitchenette and laundry facilities.
With garden views, rooms here include a flat-screen TV.
The next restaurant is just 100 metres away.
All apartments in Chata Barbara come with a seating area, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a fully-equipped kitchen with a dining area and a private bathroom with a shower or a bath tub.
Kathrein Thermal Spa. Free private parking is available on site.
Popular activities in the area include water sports, hiking and cycling.
The nearest free public parking is 1.5 km outside Levanto.
Lecco is a 30-minute drive from Varenna Casa Mary, while Como is 35 km away.
Each room has a bathroom, a safe, and a CD player.
Rooms with a spa bath and living area are also available.
The private bathroom comes with free toiletries and a washing machine.
Featuring free WiFi and parquet floors, air-conditioned rooms at B&B 94Rooms Vatican-Scipioni provide you with a flat-screen TV with digital terrestrial channels, a refrigerator and an electric kettle and coffee machine. Featuring a shower, private bathrooms come with a hairdryer.
The Royal Albert Hall and South Kensington Rail Station are both just a 10-minute walk away.
A fitness centre is provided at Michigan City Country Inn & Suites. Launderette facilities and a library are also available.
Some also include a TV.
This bed and breakfast is housed in a villa with a spacious garden and terrace, 5 minutes’ drive from the centre of Roeselare.
All rooms come with a bathroom with shower or bathtub as well as cable TV, and some have a balcony.
The Burgas Airport is 30 km from the property.
All rooms offer a private balcony with views of the surrounding Alpine countryside.
Have active holidays or a recreative stay.
The guesthouse has 2 basketball courts and 2 pools.
Car rental can be arranged upon request, and parking and internet are available on site.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
The Hagerstown Premium Outlets are 10 miles away.
Within walking distance of various restaurants and bars, this hostel is a 10-minute walk from Phra Athit Pier and a less than 3 km from The Grand Palace.
VOLGA restaurant serves a selection of Indian and Chinese dishes.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Madurai Junction Station (4.9 km).
A snack bar can be found on the nearby beach.
Chenonceau Chateau is located 30 km away.
All apartments feature air conditioning, laundry facilities, a DVD player and a flat-screen TV. Each has a full kitchen with a stove, a fridge and a microwave. A balcony is fitted in all units.
Refined Grisons cuisine is served in the restaurant of the Alpina hotel.
Free WiFi access is available.
Some apartments include an equipped patio.
A continental breakfast with pastries, hot drinks and fruit juice can be served in the comfort of your accommodation.
Facilities include a library and a lounge room with a fireplace.
Guests can exercise with free access to the hotel's modern fitness suite.
FINE Hotel is located in the center of Kuala Lumpur city only 4.4 km away from Petronas Twin Towers.
Featuring local boutiques and hip restaurants, the area also is known for Seminyak Beach, which is a 5-minute walk from Happy Day Hostel and Guest House.
Each room is equipped with air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. The private bathroom includes a shower and hairdryer.
You have access to free private parking and free Wi-Fi available throughout Gasthaus Adler.
The property offers free WiFi and free access to off-site parking.
The Greenery Hotel offers clean and modern accommodation with friendly service. It is within 10 minutes’ walking distance of the Morning and Night Markets, and department store in Krabi Town.
A 24-hour front desk offers newspapers and luggage storage services.
Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport is just 8 miles from the hotel. Hollywood Animal Park is 6 miles away.
Car hire is available at the property.
Centrally located in the Hachioji area, the Sky Hotel offers comfortable rooms, coin-operated laundry facilities and free Wi-Fi, as well as free wired internet.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge.
You can play table tennis and billiards at this hotel, and car hire is available.
You can engage in various activities, such as cycling and hiking. The hotel also offers bike hire.
The nearest airport is Alicante Airport, 74 km from Marie.
The common room with a fireplace is a good spot to relax.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
All rooms at Schönenbühl Hotel have Appenzell style low ceilings.
Free parking is also provided, and guests can also use the barbecue.
Guests are welcome to relax in the hotel’s large garden with small pond.
Old Town Square is 1 km from Apartment Reznicka 3, while Prague Astronomical Clock is 1 km from the property.
The attached bathrooms come with free toiletries and shower.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Some units feature views of the lake or garden.
Situated in Twizel, this holiday home is located 42 km from Lake Tekapo. The property is 40 km from Glentanner and boasts views of the mountain.
It features a hot tub, free Wi-Fi and spacious guest rooms.
It operates a 24-hour front desk and provides free Wi-Fi access in all areas.
Corvara in Badia is 20 km away.
Klipper Zwadde's cabins feature traditional wooden panelling, bunk beds and heating.
Scandic Odense’s guest rooms have a TV and a bathroom with a shower.
Guests will find free cable TV and parking at the Classic Inn Lancaster, in the scenic Pennsylvania Dutch country.
Rostov-Glavniy Train Station is 3 km away.
Numerous restaurants and casinos are located steps from the property.
The rustic apartments feature antique furniture and overlook the nature reserve.
It offers rooms with mountain views and free WiFi access.
Guests can choose to stay in rooms with Japanese futon bedding, beds or bunk beds.
Rooms have video-on-demand movies and free Wi-Fi.
All rooms have a balcony overlooking the mountains.
Sozen-ji Temple is 1 km away.
A tour desk and souvenir shop are also available.
The hostel offers private and shared accommodation.
Guests may also make use of the BBQ facilities.
The city's central green market is right down the street, enabling you to shop for fresh groceries every day.
Rooms at the Wilshire Grand Hotel have iPod docking stations, free Wi-Fi, and cable TV with HBO. Bath and Body Works bathroom amenities are provided.
Cathedral Cove and Hot Water Beach are both within an hours’ drive.
Most of the units have a patio with barbecue facilities.
The nearest airport is Don Mueang International Airport, 25 km from the property.
A restaurant serving local cuisine is also available.
There are rich breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets served outdoors or in the elegant indoor restaurant.
September Song is a self-catering accommodation located in Nassau, 14 minutes’ drive from Paradise Island. It offers free WiFi access and a games room with billiards, table tennis and darts.
Pula Airport is 41 km away.
A hairdryer, iron, and curling iron are available at reception, as well as movies to watch in the room.
Świętojańska Street is 1.9 km from Apartament przy kaskadzie.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are available in some units.
Within 400 m shops and restaurants can be found.
The Mursia and Cossyra Hotel, is built right on the sea in the isolated and quiet, rocky beach of Mursia, on the north-western coast of the island, the closest to Africa.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
In the middle of an apple orchard, Hotel Devlok overlooks the beautiful pine wood forest of Manali Township.
The hotel offers bicycle rental services, as well as a garage to park bicycles and motorbikes.
Bed & Breakfast Tannerhof offers a garden with barbecue facilities.
Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum is 9 km from Country Club Hospitalities & Holida, while Srimant Dagadusheth Halwai Ganapati Temple is 9 km from the property.
The Burghagen’s restaurant serves delicious national and international dishes in a friendly atmosphere.
These self-contained apartments are a 20-minute walk from both Southern Cross Station and Melbourne Convention & Exhibition Centre.
Guests can relax in the sauna and cool off in the swimming pool.
You can start your day with a rich breakfast at the Siesta guest house.
Located 10 minutes’ walk from Central Santa Barbara, this hotel serves daily hot breakfast with egg dishes and organic fruit.
Set opposite the Palais de Justice, it offers individually-themed rooms with free Wi-Fi access and en suite facilities.
You will be in the elegant Roma Imperiale area and near the city's main shopping streets.
Lakoma Beach is accessible within a short drive.
The farm has views across the Wirral to the Welsh Mountains and is located just 3 miles from the old market town of Frodsham.
Offering free WiFi and a restaurant, Campeggio Ai Colli Fioriti is located in San Fedele Superiore, 11 km from Lugano. Como is 29 km from the property.
CN Tower is 500 metres from Corporate Ryan Suites York Street, while Hockey Hall of Fame is 600 metres from the property.
With a prime location overlooking breathtaking Horseshoe Falls and within walking distance of world-famous Niagara Falls, this hotel offers warm hospitality, and exceptional services, sure to please all travellers.
Experience non-stop activity at this exciting all-inclusive adults-only resort, situated directly on the white-sand beach in Cancún and only a short distance from Cancún town centre.
The on-site restaurant serves daily breakfast.
Regional food and fine wines are served in the Ennerbach and Sonnenwinkel restaurants.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
Certain rooms include a seating area to relax in after a busy day. All rooms come with a private bathroom. Extras include slippers and free toiletries.
There is a canoeing spot in front of the manor.
This area of Ostwestfalen (the eastern part of North-Rhine Westphalia) provides the ideal environment for relaxation, for romantic breaks or for sporting activities.
It offers air-conditioned apartment with a balcony and a sea view. Free Wi-Fi access and on-site parking are available.
The hotel’s 24-hour front desk offers express check-in and check-out service.
It is 350 metres from Racecourse Road where various shops and restaurants can be found.
Airport shuttle service is provided.
A restored 1916 mansion, this 4-star hotel fuses modern-day amenities and 19th-century nostalgia.
Chalet Les Mélèzes offers pet-friendly accommodation in Saas-Fee, 600 metres from Ski Lift Saas Fee - Hannig and 900 metres from Ski Lift Saas Fee - Maste 4.
The nearest airport is Rome Ciampino Airport, 21 km from Guadalupe vicino Gemelli.
The hotel is 26 km from Angers-Loire Airport and a 15-minute drive from Terra Botanica Park and from the Congress Centre.
Modern air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a personal safe.
Guest rooms come with a TV and a desk.
Tbilisi Train Station is 117 km away, and the distance to Tbilisi International Airport is 150 km from New Gudauri - Gudauri Palace.
The rooms come with a flat-screen TV.
Fethiye city centre is 8 km away.
Guests are offered a selection of Polish, regional and international dishes.
Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam Airport is located 70 km away and airport transfers can be arranged for a surcharge.
It offers an on-site bar and a restaurant featuring a terrace and serving international cuisine.
Il Castello is located in the historical centre of Atessa and offers a terrace with panoramic mountain views.
The hostel is 800 metres from Cancun Government Palace and 10.5 km from La Isla Shopping Mall.
The Dutch Church Galle, Galle Fort National Museum and Galle Fort are within 100metres distance from the property.
Some rooms feature a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
In the hotel’s small restaurant popular homecooked meals are served.
Hosteria De Las Nubes has a garden, a seasonal outdoor pool and free breakfast in Capilla del Monte. It lies 1.5 km from Uritorco Hill.
Free Wi-Fi access is available, and rooms have mountain views.
Palace Hotel is only 1.5 km from the famous and must-see Shwedagon Pagoda.
In-room dining is possible.
It takes a 2.5-hour drive from the villa to Colombo International Airport.
Emerald Patong 1 bedroom Apartment Nice View # 409 is an apartment set in Patong Beach, 1 km from Patong Boxing Stadium.
Rooms at Hotel Colonial San nicolas feature a comfortable and luxurious décor.
The Kärnten Inn offers free private parking on site.
Catch your breath in the functional, comfortable rooms after your outing or professional engagement. In the evening, discover the tasty specialities in the hotel’s Korean restaurant.
It takes just 2 minutes to reach 2 lakes by foot from the property.
Car and bike hire is also available upon request.
All rooms feature a balcony, a flat-screen satellite TV, a safe deposit box and a bathroom with a shower and a hairdryer.
You can also stay active at the nearby sports centre or spend a cultural daytrip in Barcelona, an hour’s train ride away.
Holiday home Østmarken Toftlund V is located on a natural plot in Arrild. It can accommodate up to four persons.
The property offers free parking.
The property is 500 metres from Ku De Ta Beach Club and less than 5 minutes’ drive from Petitenget Beach.
Each spacious lounge features a large-screen LCD TV, stereo and DVD player.
Guests can start their day with a breakfast offering local, traditional delicacies, served daily at the dining area or in the room upon request.
The beach is 500 metres away.
Set in Rīga, this apartment is 6 km from Grand Stage at Mezaparks.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, dishwasher and microwave.
Guests can enjoy a free continental breakfast, a state-of-the-art fitness centre and flat-screen TVs in each guestroom.
In the village of Liptovský Ján in Žilina Region, Prava Liptovska Chalupa Kristian is 1 km from Javorovica Ski Centre and 200 metres from a local- and ski-bus stop.
Free WiFi access is available throughout the hotel.
Set in the attic, the apartment features a bedroom, a living room with a sofa bed, an equipped kitchen, and a bathroom with a bath.
Situated in central Andorra la Vella, Centric Atiram Hotel offers spacious, heated rooms with satellite TV, a minibar and free Wi-Fi.
The Myakka River State Park is 12 miles away.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, the property is 270 metres from golf course d'Amelander Duinen and 1.1 km from Lighthouse Ameland.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Free WiFi is available .
The nearest airport is Edremit Korfez Airport, 54 km from the property.
They also come with a sofa and satellite TV.
The hotel is surrounded by countryside.
Bed linen and towels are included.
At Guilin Kaola Garden Hostel you will find barbecue facilities and a terrace. Other facilities offered include a tour desk with ticketing services and luggage storage.
Rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV.
Elk Falls Provincial Park is 6.2 km away.
Set in Durbuy’s centre, La Tête en l'Air is in the direct neighbourhood of various restaurants and bars.
All units are air conditioned and have a flat-screen TV and CD player.
Independencia Square is 200 metres away.
Metropolitan National Park is 3.1 km from El Machico Hostel, while Presidential Palace is 3.1 km from the property.
Parque dos Macaquinhos Park can be reached in a 20-minute walk and Pratavieira Shopping Centre is within a 10-minute walk.
Featuring a bath or shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
The Charly’s modern and elegant rooms all have a seating area, satellite TV, and a bathroom.
It features orchid gardens filled with peacocks and a gourmet cooking school.
Guests can also enjoy a drink and a meal at the Stage House Lounge bar.
Guests can use the outdoor swimming pool, sun loungers and parasols.
The apartment is air-conditioned and comes with parquet floors and offers a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, and a washing machine.
The Fiore di Zagara serves a buffet breakfast every morning. It can be enjoyed either in the dining room or under the olive trees in the garden.
Maria Restaurant serves a variety of Indonesian specialities, along with Chinese and seafood dishes.
Hotel Holy Gate is 45 km from the pristine and beautiful Lalakhal.
Maceió, the state capital of Alagoas, is 32 km away.
You can also relax in the bar and read the free newspapers before sampling French cuisine in the restaurant.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are available.
Jeju International Airport can be accessed within an 80-minute drive or a 90-minute Airport Limousine bus ride.
Sailing&Diving Ibiza is a self-catering accommodation located in Badalona.
This comfortable, family-run guest house is set in the centre of Castlebar, 1 minutes’ walk from the Linenhall Arts Centre.
A grocery store is a 15-minute walk away.
Additional leisure facilities include a water sports centre with pedaloes and a volleyball court.
There is also a cash machine and a business centre at the hotel.
Corfu Town is 29 km from Aloha Hotel, while Glyfada is 35 km from the property.
Frankfurt Central Station is 5 minutes away by tram.
The property is a 30-minute drive from Terni.
The building is located 7 km from Las Salinas Beach and 10 km from Viña del Mar Bus Terminal.
Located just a few metres from the sandy Baltic Sea beach and the dunes, Poilsio nameliai Kopų g. offers self-catering bungalows in intimate and green surroundings.
Local buses stop within 600 metres of the apartments.
Just 100 metres from the sandy beach, Appartamenti Brezza di Mare is located in a peaceful area in Costa Rei.
At Memnon Apartments Luxor you will find a garden, barbecue facilities and a terrace. The property offers free parking.
The shopping of 5th Avenue and 34th street is just a short walk away.
BBQ facilities are available for guests’ use.
Seaview Trailhead is less than 10 minutes' drive from the property.
Free parking can be found near the premises.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Free private parking is available on site.
The air-conditioned rooms at El Bichet feature stylish, themed décor.
Offering a barbecue and views of the mountain, Guest House Near Opera is situated in Tbilisi City, 200 metres from Rustaveli Theatre.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
It is prepared daily with fresh local ingredients.
Bodrum Castle is 3 km from Rebis Bodrum Luxury Hotel & Residences, while Bodrum Marina Yacht Club is 1.8 km away.
The property is 200 metres from the bustling Santa Fé av. and 1 km from Recoleta Cemetery.
Coffs Harbour Holiday Apartments are located in the Park Beach area of Coffs Harbour, central to shops and restaurants.
Breakfast is served in the dining room every morning.
Each room at Nevskiy Bereg 93 Hotel features air conditioning and a fridge. All rooms come with a work desk, and bathrooms have a hairdryer.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in each unit.
It offers a sauna with a swimming pool, a garden with BBQ facilities and bike rental.
Ceders' ski area is just 5 minutes' drive away.
A flat-screen TV with cable channels is offered.
The patio is equipped with a table and deckchairs.
Guests can sit down to a meal and enjoy hot drinks facilities in the stylish dining area.
The air-conditioned rooms of the Paradise come with carpeted floors and satellite TV.
Free private parking is also provided.
Prague Castle is 2.1 km from Lev i Sova, while Charles Bridge is 2.8 km away.
The elegant restaurant at Lancaster Suites Raouche serves large buffets as well as an international menu.
The rooms come with a shared bathroom.
The rustic French baroque-styled Bread and Barrel Guesthouse Bellville is located next door to the Cape Eye Hospital and 1 km away from Louis Leypoldt Medi-Clinic and Karl Bremer Hospital.
Dolphin Reef is 1.8 km from Ella Sun Eilat - the Modern Villa, while Eilat Promenade is 3.1 km away.
Free WiFi is provided.
A cafe, a restaurant and a grocery store are located close by.
Located just 100 metres from the UNESCO World Heritage Site Taj Mahal, Lucky Restaurant & Guest House features a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all hours. Free WiFi access is available.
All guest rooms are equipped with a cable TV.
Dormition Cathedral is 700 metres from Yunost Hotel, while Tula Samovar Museum is 800 metres away.
Parking is free here and the reception is open 24 hours a day.
There is also an electric kettle.
Guanajuato International Airport is a 20-minute drive away and Guanajuato city is within a 45-minute drive.
This Owen Sound, Ontario hotel offers a free continental breakfast and rooms with free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TV.
All rooms at Ouran Loma have a private bathroom with shower. Apartments include a small kitchenette, fireplace and private bathroom.
Bathrooms are either private or shared, and equipped with a shower.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, golfing and cycling.
Free Wi-Fi is offered in each room and suite at Eldora Lodge at Wondervu.
A buffet breakfast and Thuringian specialities are served in the cosy restaurant.
Bouillon is 11 km from Hostellerie l'Authentique, while Dinant is 42 km away.
Laundry and dry cleaning services are offered.
Boats and canoes can be rented on site.
Holiday home Klyden Rømø XI is located in Rømø Kirkeby and can accommodate up to six people.
All units come with a flat-screen cable TV and refrigerator.
Hillview Tuscan Villa Los Angeles organizes a private check-in with each guest.
The property is located inside Puerto del Águila Yacht Club.
The tram stop is a 10 minute walk.
Wi-Fi is free throughout the property.
The property offers free parking.
It is 220 km from Bangkok.
Ipanema Beach is 500 metres from Prudente 404 B, while Post 8 - Ipanema is 700 metres from the property.
Free parking is provided.
Each room at Hobby Airport Inn is furnished with a microwave and a refrigerator. Solid oak furniture and a serene colour palette are showcased in each room.
Scheduled shuttle services are available for guests' convenience.
Spacious guest rooms feature modern interiors and are fully air conditioned.
Bugis Hotel 81 is a 10-minute walk from Bugis MRT Station and Bugis Junction.
Typical Polish cuisine is served in Hołubowski's restaurant between 11:00 and 22:00.
The in-house Bistro Höga Kust serves both local and international delicacies.
Hungarian Parliament Building is 1.5 km away on foot.
Simply furnished, rooms have plenty of natural light.
The hotel’s health club has a gym, a sauna and jacuzziThere is a full-size football pitch, 2 floodlit tennis courts and a nightly entertainments programme.
Restaurants such as Sundae Café seafood, salad, and sandwiches are 12 minutes’ walk away.
Services at the hotel include luggage storage and tourist information.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Some bathrooms include baths.
It is 6 km from Oranienbaum town centre.
The elevated BBQ terrace at Quest Apartments Mawson Lakes is an ideal space for friends and families to gather and the on-site fitness centre is well-equipped.
A microwave, fridge and coffee-making facilities are included.
Each has an outdoor patio, satellite TV, kitchenette facilities and electric blankets.
A barbecue hut is also located on site.
Urbanz is situated next to New Regent Street, which has a range of bars, cafes, restaurants and an inner city tram.
Bathrobes and a hairdryer are stocked in the attached bathroom.
Puerto de Valencia is 3.1 km from Iberica Apartment , while City of Arts & Sciences is 4 km from the property.
All rooms are air-conditioned, have a balcony and offer free WiFi connection.
The air-conditioned rooms at Hotel Ship Inn are decorated with warm colours and wooden furniture.
Rooms are simply furnished and cooled with air conditioning.
There is free WiFi access available.
For other meals, there are local dining options within a walking distance of the property.
Le Château Restaurant serves typical Dalmatian fish specialities accompanied with fine red wines form the Hotel Martinis Marchi's own wine cellar.
Located in Torrevieja, this air-conditioned apartment is 4.1 km from Torrevieja Marina.
It features a garden and barbecue.
Free WiFi access is available.
Sri Lankan and Western dishes are served at the property’s restaurant.
Some rooms also enjoy sea view.
Each bed is draped with a mosquito net and the bathrooms are fitted with a shower.
Arch of the Sergians is 5 km from Apartments Dragutin 1063, while Pula Cathedral is 5 km from the property.
The hotel is popular for its quiet and peaceful surroundings and its position is convenient for tourists as well as entrepreneurs with higher demands regarding the quality of services.
The non-smoking Comfort Inn Waterloo places guests only a short distance from a variety of popular points of interest. Many major companies, such as Google, as well as the local farmers market, museums, and universities are in close proximity.
The luxurious rooms at Hotel Houston are decorated in orange, blue and green tones.
In summer, guests can dine outdoors.
St Peter’s Train Station can be found within 2.4 km.
An en suite bathroom offers free toiletries for added convenience.
Some rooms have shared bathroom facilities, while others have a private bathroom.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
They are furnished in an Alpine style with light-wood furniture.
Fronting a serene lake and surrounded by imposing limestone mountains, Khao Tao Lake and Beach Villas offers Thai-themed villa with an outdoor pool and a well-equipped sun terrace.
Guests can also use the communal TV room and computer.
PortAventura Theme Park is 1.5 km away and Reus Airport is within a 15-minute drive.
Babushka Beach House offers both private and shared rooms.
Featuring free WiFi, Hotel King is located in Totma. Free private parking is available on site.
Montparnasse Train Station is 3.4 km away from Hostel Eiffel. Porte de Versailles Exhibition Centre is 2 km from the property.
Free shuttle to the beach is provided upon request.
The house also has a garden with BBQ facilities.
Here at the family-run Hotel-Restaurant Früchtl, you can look forward to spacious rooms and apartments featuring bright wooden furniture and a balcony with views of the scenic countryside.
The private bathroom has a shower.
Ideally located inside the Old Town of Rethymno, Casa Dei Delfini is housed in an old Venetian- Turkish mansion.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is located 21 km away.
Guests can swim in the seasonal outdoor pool or take a relaxing soak in the hot tub.
The air-conditioned hostel offers guests free access to Wi-Fi throughout the property.
The bar offers light snacks and beverages, and full English breakfasts are available daily.
The centre of Kathikas Village is 700 metres away.
It offers ski-to-door access and you can relax on the furnished terrace.
Free parking is provided and you have excellent bus links to Bressanone and the ski slopes.
The contemporary suites at this resort offer air conditioning and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Offering free Wi-Fi throughout, Affittacamere Poggiagrilli is 2.5 km from Poggibonsi Train Station and city centre.
Views of the mountain, garden or city are featured in certain rooms.
A coffee machine and a desk are featured in all rooms at Holiday Inn Vancouver Downtown & Suites. Ironing facilities are included.
The nearest airport is Alghero Airport, 8 km from Villa in Alghero I.
The Theatro Night Club is open for evening entertainment.
The air-conditioned villa has a living area with flat-screen TV and a fully equipped kitchenette with a microwave and refrigerator.
The air-conditioned rooms at Ondas Do Mar Beach Resort come with a private balcony and satellite TV.
The Darien Sports Complex is 2 miles away.
The hotel is located 7 km from Kathmandu Airport.
Frankfurt Airport is only 8 km away.
Free parking is on site.
Breakfast is continental and, in good weather, guests can dine on the spacious terrace.
Only 400 metres from the centre of Dobbiaco, Chalet & Suite Pichler features a garden, a terrace and a children’s playground.
Each room has a private bathroom with bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
The front desk operates 24 hours a day.
For relaxation, guests can use Lalandia Billund’s indoor and outdoor pools, saunas and hot tubs. More active types can work out in the gym or book an activity in the sports hall.
Featuring wooden furniture and floors, all accommodation units at FerienPark Kreischberg include a kitchenette, a living room with satellite TV, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
The apartments also feature a fully equipped kitchen.
Nestled in Bundi’s old town, the spectacular Hotel Bundi Haveli provides easy access to various tourist attractions.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
The bathroom is provided with a shower.
Each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath.
There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven.
The property offers free parking and a carport.
The inn also offers car hire.
Citotel Hotel de l’Europe has a charming bar and serves a daily breakfast.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Property features a spa centre, a fitness centre and a suitable environment for jogging.
A snowmobile trail is accessible directly from the motel.
Brussels Airport is located 10 km away.
Guests can relax in the Finnish sauna and use the fitness facilities on site.
Featuring a spa, a fitness centre, a pool and a restaurant, Recoleta Grand offers plush accommodation in the upscale Recoleta district. Patio Bullrich shopping centre is 700 metres away.
The Museumplein tram stop is a 2-minute walk away and offers direct access to Dam Square and Amsterdam Central Station in 10 to 15 minutes.
Breakfast is served every morning in the spacious restaurant with its Bavarian-style wooden furniture.
At Holiday home Rejsby you will find a terrace with BBQ facilities. Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground.
All rooms are fitted with an electric kettle and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Gallery Cafe serves Asian and international buffet spreads, while The Living Room offers à la carte selections of drinks and light meals.
Please note that stays during July and August must be booked from Saturday to Saturday.
Featuring a shower or a bath tub, private bathrooms also come with towels and free toiletries.
Free WiFi and direct bus links, offering connections to the Old Port, are available.
Towels and bed linen are available in this self-catering accommodation.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a stove, a coffee brewer and a refrigerator.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Local supermarkets and restaurants surround the studio.
Hotel Dülmener Hof offers free WiFi, a large free car park as well as a steakhouse restaurant.
The nearest airport is Pisa International Airport, 26 km from the property.
This hotel has ski-to-door access and ski equipment hire is available.
Free private parking is available on site.
Liao Cafe & Bar offers a variety of coffee and refreshing beverages.
There is no curfew and no lock-out.
It houses an elegant atrium restaurant, which serves Slovak and international dishes.
The hotel also offers car hire.
The hotel offers a daily hot breakfast, free Wi-Fi and an indoor swimming pool.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and bathrobes.
Facilities include air conditioning, satellite TV and a minibar, while Wi-Fi access is provided for free in public areas.
You have free use of the large dining room and the smaller social room.
Holiday home Diget is located in Løkken.
All rooms are feature a flat-screen TV with satelite channels.
The bathroom is fitted with a bathtub.
It is just 27 km away from Perpignan.
The property’s restaurant is open from 8:00 to 12:00, and guests will find a wide-range of dining options, from taco stands and to gourmet restaurants, within 500 metres.
The ski lifts are within a 5-minute drive from the property.
National Theatre of Greece is 1.5 km from Apollo Spacious Apartment, while Lycabettus Theater is 2.2 km from the property.
Each room includes a flat-screen TV with satellite channels. You will find a kettle in the room.
The bedroom has a king-size bed and the bathroom has a bath with an overhead shower.
Bathrobes and slippers are also provided.
Each morning a buffet breakfast is served including croissants, orange juice and rolls.
It offers a living room with a flat-screen TV and a DVD player and a kitchenette with a stove and a microwave.
It accommodates up to fourteen guests and offers a sauna and a whirlpool. Free wireless internet access is available in this holiday home.
Bear Creek Valley Golf Club is 3 km away.
Surrounded by woods, this small hotel is located in the west of Moscow, a 10-minute drive from Krylatskie Holmy Business Centre.
Located 1 mile off Interstate 76, this Kent, Ohio hotel boasts free Wi-Fi access and a daily continental breakfast.
It features a garden and a terrace with mountain and lake views.
Guests can find tennis and football courts and basketball courts 2 km away, while a Spa and Wellness Centre can be reached in 1 km.
These villas include a full staff and a private outdoor swimming pool.
There is free shuttle service and shops at the property.
A mini golf course is also found on site.
The unit is fitted with a kitchen. A TV is featured.
Diagoras Airport is located 40 km from the property.
The Alpine-style apartments come with wooden floors, a balcony or a terrace, a kitchen or kitchenette with a dishwasher, and free wired internet.
Car hire and bicycle hire can also be arranged for a fee.
Free Wi-Fi access is available and guests will be able to use the shared kitchen.
The nearest airport is Nikos Kazantzakis Airport, 4 km from Yacht Charter-Traditional Motor Sailer 51FT.
Rooms are fitted with a shared bathroom.
There are 2 twin rooms, a double room and 2 full bathrooms.
At Peña’s Boutique guests are only 2 km from Boquilla Beach and 19 km away from Cartagena’s celebrated historic centre.
Ayvalik is 100 km away.
Each air-conditioned apartment has a kitchen with a fridge, coffee machine and a microwave. There is also a washing machine.
The bathroom comes with a shower and free toiletries.
Guests can relax in a private, outdoor hot tub featured in all guest rooms.
Piccadilly Theatre is within walking distance from Great Windmill Street Apartment.
Massages are available against a surcharge and for a minimum of 2 people.
Set on the 1st floor, the apartment comes with 1 double bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room.
Thessaloniki City is a 45-minute, while Macedonia International Airport is an 1-hour drive away.
The area is suitable for walking as well as cycling.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The pedestrian zone of Büsum is 1 km away.
There is a bar with a terrace on-site.
Rooms here are all fitted with a private bathroom with shower, a wardrobe and a TV with cable channels.
The guesthouse can cater for special diets and allergies.
Junckers Apartments are a 5-minute walk from Frankfurter Tor Underground Station and a 10-minute walk from Warschauer Straße Train and Underground Stations.
Hotel Lux is 5 km from Lipetsk Central Train Station and 20 km from Lipetsk Airport.
With parquet floors and contemporary décor, accommodation at the Minotti includes a flat-screen TV, cooling fan, and bathroom with shower.
Airport transfer and shuttle services to surrounding areas area available with additional charges.
Alfama, Lisbon’s Fado district, is a mere 5-minute drive away, with its Fado Houses and eateries.
The air conditioned bungalows are equipped with a terrace and a refrigerator.
Studios comprise a kitchenette.
A hot continental breakfast is served every morning at the Bakersfield Hampton Inn.
Towels and bed linen are available.
They can also enjoy tea and coffee facilities.
Port Arthur Classic Cottages are located within 100 metres walk of each other.
Cathedral of Christ the Saviour is 8 km from Hostel Sovy nezhniye, while Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts is 8 km from the property.
The hotel is just off the E40/E42 highway to Liege Airport, Brussels and Aachen.
It is 500 metres from the Nani Daman Bus Station, 10 km from Vapi Railway Station and Surat Airport is 78 km away.
Air conditioning, a microwave and coffee maker are standard.
This self-catering accommodation is located just 2.2 km from Rova Beach and 2.4 km from Malin Beach in Malinska.
Guests have access to a shared kitchen.
It comes with parquet floors and includes a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a private bathroom.
Panorama Hotel features a sun terrace, where drinks are served in spring and summer.
Its spacious rooms offer free Wi-Fi and a 32-inch flat-screen TV with HBO.
A bus stop with links to Perugia stops 300 metres away, while Perugia Ponte San Giovanni Train Station is 1 km away.
Car rental and airport transfers can be organized at an additional cost.
Palermo's city centre is a 30-minute drive from the holiday home.
De Vere Wotton House is nestled in 13 acres of listed gardens in the Surrey countryside, 3 miles outside of Dorking.
The Nassim features a bar and a restaurant serving international cuisine.
It features a restaurant and free Wi-Fi throughout.
The Bluebay Village complex includes a golf course, tennis courts and a diving school.
The nearest airport is Marseille Provence Airport, 25 km from Bastide Provencale.
24-hour reception is offered at Seguin Super 8. Truck and RV parking is available on-site.
The hotel is less than 2 km from Albacete’s historic city centre.
Guests at the Campbell can begin the morning with a free breakfast buffet or enjoy a refreshing swim in the pool.
Apartments on Stalevarov offers accommodation in Magnitogorsk.
Riding a horse-drawn carriage is available 400 metres from the Magdalena.
Rustaveli Theatre is 2.4 km from Apartment Shoghgha Jamil.
The accommodation is situated 8.8 km away from Sea Link Golf Course and 9 km from Ocean Dunes Golf Course.
Royal Palace Amsterdam is 400 metres from City Central Apartment, while Dam Square is 400 metres from the property.
The lounge features LCD TV, air conditioning and relaxing lounge chairs.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Alex Bed and Breakfast offers pet-friendly accommodation in Himare, 35 km from Sarandë.
Lowell Observatory is 10 minutes’ drive from the hotel. Arizona Snowbowl is 25 km from Ramada Inn Flagstaff East.
The bathroom has a shower.
Various bars and night clubs are also located close by.
This 4-star hotel in Ruhstorf offers a spa with heated pool, rooms with fine wooden furniture, and 2 restaurants.
Rooms at the family-run Nest on the Lake all have a private bathroom.
Guests can find a restaurant next door.
Copacabana Quarto is 20 km from Rio de Janeiro's Galeao International Airport.
Free private parking is available on site.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with a dishwasher, an oven and microwave.
The restaurant serves traditional Tyrolean cuisine with products from the hotel’s own farm, which has been run by the same family for centuries.
Numerous shops can also be found nearby.
A TV with satellite channels is featured.
Free Wi-Fi is provided and Taganga beach is a 15-minute drive away.
Esenboga Airport is 28 km away.
Bob Hope Airport is located 6 km from Beautiful New Home in Burbank 1bd.
Private bathrooms come with a shower.
Willa Max is situated in Lubniewice, 24 km from Gorzów Wielkopolski.
The apartments also have a kitchenette with living and dining area.
This Logis de France is located in Valloire, at the foot of the ski slopes and next to the Brive cable car, between the Col du Télégraphe and the Col du Galibier.
The many shops, nightclubs, and restaurants of Alanya are only a short stroll away.
Offering free WiFi throughout and parking on site, Bombinhas Brasil Residence Tourist Home is ideally set 180 metres from Bombinhas Beach.
Barbecue facilities offer a covered seating area for outdoor dining.
The air-conditioned villas at the Umm Al Quwain Beach Hotel have an en suite bathroom.
International meals and regional specialities are served in the InterCityHotel’s restaurant.
Each room at Burythorpe House is individually designed, with traditional décor.
For shopping you can go to the area surrounding Merode, situated 1 km away.
There is free parking on site.
Guests will also benefit from a Nespresso coffee maker, 24-hour room service and a writing desk.
If you feel like visiting, Five Wells Square, Captain's Tower and Knight's Palace are all within a 200-metre radisu. The well-known Sea Organ and Greeting to the Sun are just a few minutes walk away.
A shopping centre is located on the ground floor of the building.
Situated a 10-minute walk from Shoreditch Underground Station, and 1 mile from Liverpool Street, The Shoreditch Inn offers budget soundproofed rooms, 24-hour front desk, and air conditioning.
Guests can visit the city's popular attractions, including the Aberdeen Art Gallery, Music Hall, and Maritime Museum.
The front desk’s multi-lingual staff can arrange transfer to samba lessons, football matches and favela tours.
Guests can enjoy a beautiful mural while going up 57 steps.
The nearest airport is Dubrovnik Airport, 4 km from the property.
Nearby Kells has a variety of restaurants and pubs from Asian traditionally Irish cuisine.
Meir Park is 700 metres from Luxury In Sheinkin, while Dizengoff Center is 800 metres away.
This non-smoking hotel provides elevators on every level.
Grocery shops, bars and restaurants that serve various types of cuisines are all located about 100 metres away.
Nearby there is a possibility to go fishing, cycling and enjoy a beach.
It has a restaurant that serves a daily buffet breakfast.
At Salmon Catcher Lodge you will find a hot tub, a garden and barbecue facilities. Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, a shared lounge and luggage storage.
Sweet pastries and hot drinks feature in the Italian-style breakfast served daily.
At the hotel guests will find the El Spa, a space where guests can break from routine and recharge their batteries in the swimming pools, the hot tub, hydromassage facilities, waterfalls, sauna and Turkish bath.
The hotel features a closed private parking and a restaurant, which is closed on Sunday evening and Wednesday all the day.
The hotel is within 250 metres of shops, restaurants and cultural sites including Rohan Palace and the Museum of Fine Arts of Strasbourg.
The children’s ski slope is 300 metres away and it is 2 km to the Mechi Chal Ski Area.
At Hotel Jahnhaus you will find barbecue facilities and a bar.
Free parking is available.
The nearest airport is Gelendzhik Airport, 62 km from the property.
The kitchenette features a microwave and a fridge.
Staff at the 24-hour front desk can assist with luggage storage.
Each room comes with a flat-screen TV. The rooms come with a private bathroom.
Bed linens and towels are provided, and all rooms include a ceiling fan.
Wired internet connection is available.
Free Wi-Fi and free parking are available.
Choose from a variety of treatments at The Sofa Hotel Istanbul - Special Category's SPA & Wellness Centre. From relaxing massages to detox programmes, there is something for everyone.
Each room is equipped with a shared bathroom.
This hostel is located in a historical building in San Diego, California.
Each room includes an LCD TV with satellite channels and electric kettle with tea/coffee making facilities.
The property, which is at the edge of Stelvio National Park, is a 50-minute drive from Livigno.
The hotel includes a business center and guest rooms provide free Wi-Fi.
They are individually decorated and each of them features one or two fireplaces, a hot tub and wooden floors and ceilings.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Hotel Boutique La Providencia is a 5-minute drive from Santa Fe Shopping Centre and 1.5 km from Enrique Olaya Herrera Airport.
It is a 10-minute walk from Agora Supermarket and ADK Hospital.
The A9 motorway is just a 10-minute drive away.
Bed linen is available.
Free Wi-Fi is available in all areas.
It offers massage services and spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi. A complimentary American breakfast is served daily.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Königsberg Cathedral is 4.1 km from Аpartment South, while Rossgarten Gate is 6 km away.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this self-catering accommodation.
En suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
The Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is located 17 km away.
Free WiFi access is available at the apartment.
Guests can find a tavern at 30 metres, as well as mini markets at 150 metres from Melidron Hotel.
A massage service is available upon request.
A squash court and a gym allow you to exercise without leaving in the hotel.
King Khalid Airport is located 34 km away.
A garden with a children’s playground can be used by all guests.
Little Italy is 12 minutes’ walk away.
The bright dormitory rooms offer simple décor and come with a desk.
Guests can find a grocery store just 20 metres away, while the nearest restaurant and bar can be reached in 20 metres.
Several dining and shopping opportunities are available within 600 metres.
All rooms feature fully equipped modern kitchens.
The 4 modern bathrooms are stocked with slippers, bathrobes and free toiletries.
Edinburgh and Glasgow are less than 35 miles away by car, and Lanark train station is a 5-minute walk from the cottage.
Marseille Provence Airport is 21 km away.
Guests have access to a shared kitchen with a refrigerator.
The area is popular for skiing and hiking.
Located on either the first or second floor, all rooms feature an en suite bathroom and tea and coffee facilities.
There is a washing machine, and bed linen and towels are provided.
The wine cellar is stocked with a rich selection of labels.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, golfing and cycling.
The Wildbach has an à-la-carte restaurant with a lakeside terrace, offering meat and fish specialities.
The ski slopes of the Mount Kom and the monastery of Klisura can be reached within 20 minutes by car.
Ngurah Rai Airport is 72 km away.
The large living room comes with comfortable sofas, a fireplace and a flat-screen satellite TV.
Providing direct connections to Bremen and Cuxhaven, the A27 motorway is just 3 km from the apartment.
- Parking
The hotel features a cosy breakfast room, bar, and a private car park.
You can play billiards at the hotel.
The property offers private access to the lake.
Shower facilities are included in an en suite bathroom.
A flat-screen cable TV and a private bathroom with a shower are included.
The hotel has various lounges and a library.
The Blancardy is on the borders of the Cevennes National Park and an ideal base for bike and hiking trails.
Barbecue facilities, laundry facilities, and free WiFi access are all available on site.
The bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
At Cabinas Brigitte you will find a garden, a terrace and a bar.
Offering panoramic views of the Brienzersee lake, the Brienzer Grat mountain and the Mühlebachfall waterfall, Ferienwohnung am See offers you self-catering accommodation right at the lakeshore in Brienz.
Luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
'Elia' restaurant offers international cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
All apartments at the Seeblick feature a kitchen or kitchenette with a dining area, cable TV, wooden floors, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
Located in Zutendaal, Hotel Apollo is only 11 kilometres from historic Maastricht and the city of Genk.
Massages can be reserved on site.
Free Wi-Fi access is available throughout the property.
At Hotel El Almendro guests will find a garden, a terrace and meeting facilities.
Résidence Posidonie, located in the north of Corsica just 50 metres from the beach, offers an outdoor swimming pool and natural surroundings.
Hanazono Station is a 15-minute drive away while JR Kyoto Station is a 40-minute drive.
The private bathroom includes free toiletries and a shower.
Guests have access to a shared living area fitted with a large flat-screen TV that comes with international channels.
It offers self-catering accommodation featuring spacious outdoor dining area and a garden.
Taoyuan Airport is 68 km away.
There are several restaurants and cocktail lounges located nearby; some are within walking distance.
Boasting a free-form pool and sun terrace surrounded by palm trees, Hotel Cupola Bianca lies among olive, carub and hibiscus plants.
The Skadar Lake National Park is 20 km away from the apartment.
Minsk Train Station is located a 15-minute drive from Usadba Max Hotel, and a bus stop is a 3-minute walk away.
Two hot tubs and a water slide are available for guest recreation. Horseback riding, Segway tours, helicopter tours, snorkeling and stand up paddle boarding, surfing and scuba instruction are located on site.
In good snow conditions, the property can directly be accessed from the ski slopes.
The property offers free parking.
Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport is 20 miles away and free parking is available on site.
Hôtel Porte de France provides a taxi reservation service and is situated just a 5-minute drive from Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg Airport.
Located in Milan, Studio in Corso Buenos Aires is a self-catering accommodation with a flat-screen TV, free WiFi and a washing machine.
The nearest airport is Sheremetyevo International Airport, 17 km from the property.
24-hour room service is available.
The restaurant serves regional Franconian meals with local beers and wines.
Located in Nha Trang, Sea View Apartment in Muong Thanh Nha Trang Hotel is a self-catering accommodation featuring free WiFi access.
Offering a large parkland and a private beach area by the river, Santa Maria de las Casas Viejas is located in Mina Clavero.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Los Angeles County Museum of Art/LACMA (2.5 km away) and Dolby Theater (4.3 km away).
Quietly located in a residential area of Berlin’s Mitte district, Wallstreet Studio is just 50 metres away from Spittelmarkt underground station.
Poetto Beach is 4.4 km from Miky M House, while National Archaeological Museum of Cagliari is 600 metres away.
The nearest airport is Marina di Campo Airport, 8 km from the property.
The property includes a large garden furnished with a seating area.
There is a self-service laundry area for guests to wash their clothes. Dry cleaning services are also available.
A sandy beach can be found 50 metres away.
Pulkovo Airport is 17 km from the property.
Decorated with rustic furnishing, apartments at Aloja Madryn have spacious seating areas with TV sets.
A grocery store is within 700 metres and a restaurant serving Austrian cuisine is 300 metres away.
Elmas Airport is 70 km from Il Sentiero B&Bìo.
Split and its ancient Diocletian’s Palace are within 60 km.
The apartment at the Carla Villetta will provide you with a flat-screen TV and air conditioning.
Ella Rock is 2 Km away while Little Adams Peak is 3 Km from Ella Ecolodge.
A number of café bars and restaurants can be found within a 300-metre radius.
A TV is provided.
It features the original marble and parquet floors, columns, bas-relief sculptures, frescoes and bronze banisters, whilst offering a minimalist, contemporary twist.
Offering an outdoor pool and a spa and wellness centre, Kennan Lodge is located in Nsukka.
WiFi is free throughout.
On the south shore of Lake Balaton and next to the port of Balatonszemes, Sunflower Apartmanok offers apartments with free WiFi and satellite TV. There is also a garden with barbecue facilities.
Each room has en suite bathroom with bathtub and amenities.
Harmony Hotel is centrally located in downtown Cairo, 10 minutes’ walk from The Egyptian Museum.
It offers en suite accommodation, free WiFi throughout and free parking.
The restaurant serves regional food and wine prepared from local seasonal ingredients.
There are both rock and sand beaches nearby.
The property is 8 km from Bangalore City Railway Station and 35 km from Bengaluru International Airport.
Acapulco City Centre is a 15-minute walk from Romano Palace, while La Quebrada, where guests can see the city's famous cliff divers, is a 10-minute drive away.
The simply decorated rooms at Pensión La Puntica have a fridge, air conditioning, heating and a private bathroom.
Restaurants can be found in Clermont-en-Argonne, which is 11 minutes’ drive away.
The well-designed rooms come with free wired internet.
Free WiFi is provided in public areas.
Providing free and unlimited use of bicycles for city tours, City Apartment One enjoys a quiet location on the edge of the UNESCO-protected historic core of Mostar.
At Hotel Pho De Paris Wat Koh you will find a 24-hour front desk.
The Spanish border is approximately 45 km away.
Offering an outdoor pool, Monolithos is located in Monolithos village.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
The Applegate is 15 minutes’ drive from Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
At The Sound is centrally located right on Noosa Sound, just 1.5 km from Hastings Street and Noosa’s Main Beach, and a short stroll from the Noosa River.
Bathrooms include a shower.
Staff at the 24-hour front desk can arrange airport transfers and tour bookings.
The restaurant serves fresh seafood and specialities from the Friuli region.
Hotel Shosenkaku Kagetsu is a 5-minute walk from Yuzawa Kogen Ski Resort and a 10-minute walk from Yuzawa Kogen Ropeway (Cable Car) Station.
Dining options can be found on Rua do Forró Street, located only 1-minute walk away.
The hostel is 900 metres from Stone Church, 2.2 km from Mundo a Vapor and 4.4 km from Castelinho.
Providing free Wi-Fi access, Pavai Panzió is set in a peaceful residential area in Hajduszoboszlo, within a 5-minute walk from the city’s thermal baths.
This residence is situated on the sandy stretch of beach, Plage Valentin, and just 1.5km from le Croisic and from the centre of Batz sur Mer.
It is also just 30 minutes’ drive from the 2 main airports.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Located in Bursa, Vacation Bursa Villas offers a restaurant and a tennis court. This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi.
You will find a kettle in the room. For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
Set in a quiet, residential neighbourhood, Villa Bellaria is just outside the town's ancient walls and a short walk from the lakeside.
The bus stop to Pinerolo is 300 metres form Ai Fontana.
The dormitory rooms come with a shared bathroom, fan and wardrobe.
All rooms have a wardrobe, desk and a private bathroom with shower.
Camere Ramaccia is 500 metres from the Basilica di Santa Chiara and 2 km from the Church of St.
The edge of the Hoge Kempen National Park is 6 km away.
Each apartment has a well-equipped kitchen and French balcony.
Surrounded by beautiful lush greenery, Bamboo Village by Villa offers a cosy and serene getaway featuring bamboo structure with an outdoor swimming pool, WiF access, and free on-site public parking for guests who drive.
The air-conditioned rooms at Evenia Olympic Resort feature flat-screen satellite TV, a safe and a private bathroom with a hairdryer and toiletries.
Amaril apartments is a family run property, located in the most popular resort of the north coast of Rethymnon, Platanes.
Hostal Sonia offers single, double and triple rooms.
Maracanã stadium is 9 km from this hotel.
You will also find barbecue facilities at the property.
The rustic heated rooms feature stone walls and wooden ceiling beams.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
You can enjoy a garden view from all the rooms.
A 24-hour reception welcomes guests to Garden Grove Legacy Inn and Suites.
A bus stop linking to Madonna di Campiglio and it ski slopes, is just 20 metres from the property.
Little Suite – Ferdinand is 11 km from Lille Lesquin Airport, and shops, supermarkets and restaurants can be found within 150 metres of the property.
The hotel is located a 5-minute walk from Place Vendome and luxury stores.
You can also benefit from laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services offered by Hotel Bozoogullari.
Sauna service is complimentary for the guests.
At Hôtel Joyet de Maubec you will find meeting facilities and luggage storage.
A continental breakfast is served buffet style and can be enjoyed in the garden.
Each air-conditioned room features an en suite bathroom at Motel 6 Salt Lake City South Midvale.
It features self-catering accommodations with a terrace and a view of the surroundings.
People’s Square in the city centre is a 10-minute drive away.
Guests at Il Sottopoggio can take part in the grape and olive harvest.
The kitchen is equipped with a toaster. A TV is featured.
Most units offer views over the Acropolis and the city of Athens, while some also come with a hot tub.
Wake up in the morning to a delicious buffet breakfast.
This unique hotel offers free WiFi, parking and easy access to a variety of outdoor activities.
There is a bus stop just 50 metres from the hotel, from which there is a regular service to the city centre and the beach.
This self-catering accommodation is a 5-minute drive from Tesco Lotus and a 10-minute drive from Central Festival Phuket.
Guests at the Freese can sunbathe on the lawn in the summer months and enjoy use of the sauna, fitness centre and games room all year round.
Hydro Hotel features a beauty salon, offering a range of specialist treatments and therapies.
All rooms at Private Accommodation have wooden floors and furnishings and a work desk.
Go NinhBinh Hostel features free WiFi throughout the property.
Apartment on Amurskiy 63 offers accommodation in Khabarovsk.
Market Colonnade is 5 km from Bluestars-apartments, while Moser Glass Works is 2.8 km from the property.
Coushatta Casino is 10 minutes’ drive from the Kinder American Inn.
In the evening, the hotel’s lounge serves alcohol and soft drinks.
It is a 15-minute drive from Legian and a 30-minute drive from the Ngurah Rai International Airport.
A TV is featured.
Lake Millstatt is 8 minutes’ walk away where guests receive free entry to the public beach and swimming area.
Mikuni Port is a 10-minute drive away, and it takes a 20-minute stroll to Mikuni Port.
They are equipped with a microwave and refrigerator.
Free WiFi access is available.
Rooms are air conditioned and feature Wi-Fi access, a minibar and a TV with satellite channels.
Conveniently located in downtown Posadas, this fully furnished apartment has air conditioning and free Wi-Fi and a red-tiled balcony.
Free WiFi is available in all areas.
The Pinzolo - Campiglio Express Cable Car is situated 200 metres away and a ski bus stops right in front of the building.
The Tauern Spa is a 15-minute drive away, and the Tauernradweg hiking and biking trail can be accessed 700 metres from Zehenthof Hotel.
Strasburg History Museum is 400 metres from the apartment.
Located in the scenic Wildschönau Valley, 2 km from the Schatzberg Ski Area, Aktiv Hotel Elan features a spa area with an indoor pool, a wine bar, a sun terrace, and a restaurant serving Tyrolean and international cuisine.
Nearby Kameido Station offers direct rail access to the Akihabara and Shinjuku areas, as well as the National Sumo Stadium near Ryogoku Station.
Located 9 km from the town centre of Kas, Villa Zen House is surrounded by lush forests.
This hotel is 4.5 miles from downtown Birmingham and one mile from Samford University.
The private bathroom is complete with a shower.
It also has 2 balconies.
Other facilities like grocery deliveries, dry cleaning and an ironing service are offered.
The Canyamel Sun Aparthotel offers you the choice of sunbathing on the nearby beach or around its spacious outdoor swimming pool.
This rustic-style villa has free Wi-Fi and a spa bath in one of the 2 bathrooms.
When wanting to visit other cities and Cabo de Gata nature, points of interest could be for example Aguamarga, La Isleta del Moro, Rodalquilar and Las Negras.
Spa Sala Terrena makes it easy to unwind with a range of face and body treatments.
Parus Hotel is located in the historucal centre of Yaroslavl on Volzhskaya Naberezhnaya, a 3-minute walk from Krasnaya Ploshchad.
Rooms have an elegant mountain design with carpeted floors.
Odessa city centre with Deribasivska Street and the Opera Theatre are 7.5 km from For You Hotel.
The area is popular for golfing and fishing.
This studio is provided with Satellite-TV and Internet, there is also a kitchen.
Wi-Fi in public areas is free.
The bathroom comes with a bath or shower.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower cabin as well as a corner bathtub.
It also has a meeting room that accommodates up to 49 people.
There is luggage storage space at the property.
Car rental is available at the property and the area is popular for biking and hiking.
En suite bathrooms have a shower.
Private Apartment Eiffel Tower 183 offers accommodation in Paris and overlooks a courtyard.
Enjoying the natural beauty of the charming village of Richis, this spacious 3-bedroom home invites you to a getaway filled with peaceful relaxation, for up to 7 happy holidaymakers.
For younger visitors, D’Andrea Mare offers a children’s pool, playground and animation team.
It includes hot drinks, croissants and cold meats, served in the garden in fine weather.
Appartamento Sunshine House features views of the garden.
The hotel offers a 24-hour front desk and rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Free private parking is also available at this chalet.
Aragon Apartments consists of apartments and rooms in the heart of Bruges. All units are located 100 metres from the Market Square.
Each room comes with a safe, and toiletries are provided in the private bathrooms.
Only 500 metres from peaceful Kata Beach, Kata Lucky Villas offers luxurious accommodation surrounded by tropical greenery.
All units have a TV. There is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave.
There is also a living room with a tiled stove and a furnished sun terrace.
Valga Train Station is located 2,4 km away from Helge Guest House. It is 2.1 km to the centre of Valga and 900 metres to the border with Latvia.
Gîte du Pernas is 2 km from the centre of Angé and 8 km from Montrichard.
All cottages at Kartano Villas feature a TV and seating area.
The property boasts views of the city and is immersed in the Cinque Terre National Park.
It is located in Kaltenbronn, part of Gernsbach in the scenic Black Forest Nature Park.
Every morning and for an additional cost, Casas do Porto can deliver a breakfast basket with bread, croissants, milk, juice, yogurt, cereals, cheese and ham.
The bar provides light meals, and all-you-can-eat full English and continental buffet breakfast options are also available.
The duplex accommodation will provide you with an LCD TV, a patio and a furnished wooden terrace where you can relax.
It offers luxurious villas surrounded by a garden with an outdoor swimming pool and sun loungers.
Many shops, bars and restaurants can be found within 120 metres.
Free private parking is available on site.
Offering air conditioning and a balcony with views over the garden, rooms have a private bathroom with shower and a bidet.
Towels and bed linen are offered.
Bathroom facilities are shared.
The rooms include a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
By car, the journey takes around 25 minutes.
There is free shuttle service at the property.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries, slippers and a hair dryer.
Manuel Montt metro station is 20 metres away.
Free WiFi access is available in the public areas of this resort.
Just a 15-minute drive from Perpignan, Le Majestic is located 150 metres from the beach in Canet Plage.
The ferry to Fårö Island is 2 km away, while central Visby is 55 km from the property.
The hotel’s restaurant is open Monday to Friday, and serves a range of Mediterranean and international food.
There is also an electric kettle.
The 3-bedroom cottage features a seating area with a TV, a washing machine and ironing facilities.
Some are on 2 levels, and some have a spacious private terrace.
Club de golf Le Gaspésien is 5 minutes’ walk away.
Other facilities offered include a tour desk, dry cleaning and a laundry.
Five-star luxury is provided at Shangri-La Hotel Beijing, a 15-minute drive from the Summer Palace and Beijing Exhibition Hall. It boasts free Wi-Fi, pampering spa services and an indoor pool.
There is also a kitchen, equipped with an oven, fridge and stovetop.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and air conditioning. Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer.
Parking is available on site for a supplement.
Kunming IC Holiday Shuncheng Serviced Apartments is located 200 metres from Nanping Walking Street with Shuncheng Shopping Mall right downstairs.
The renowned restaurant serves genuine cuisine made with fresh and local ingredients.
Comfortable rooms are provided with a flat-screen cable TV, a fridge and a minibar.
At Hotel Soraya de Puerto Angel you will find a terrace. Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage and free parking on site.
Featuring a balcony, spacious rooms come with tiled flooring, a fan, bed linen and towels.
There is a private bathroom with a shower in every unit.
Varied breakfast buffets and continental breakfasts with fresh produce are available here.
Massena Museum is a 3-minute walk away.
Every morning a hearty international breakfast buffet is served.
Wingate Greenville Airport is within 8 miles of Bob Jones University, Greenville Zoo and Upcountry History Museum.
Private rooms are fitted with a cable TV, electric kettle and en suite bathroom.
Heraklion is 70 km away, while the famous Matala Beach is at a distance of 25 km.
All apartments have a balcony, a kitchen, cable TV and offer free Wi-Fi.
Drinks are available from a vending machine located in the lobby.
Some units include a dining area and/or terrace.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling and hiking.
The fully equipped kitchen has a microwave, oven and stove.
A washing machine and ironing facilities are offered.
It is 25 miles from Ocean City.
Air-conditioning is available throughout the hotel.
The self-catering unit at the Ivan Asen’s Madrid Apartments is fitted with wooden floors, a fully equipped kitchenette and a TV with cable channels. It is decorated in bright colours and features art works on the walls.
Public toilets and showers are located in the marina and are free of charge for guests.
Lazeshchyna Bus Station is 3 km from Alisa Hotel, and a shuttle to Ivano-Frankivsk International Airport (110 km) can be arranged upon request.
The nearest airport is Biarritz - Anglet - Bayonne Airport, 4 km from Rental Apartment Yoganidra 3 - Anglet.
You will find a tour desk and gift shop at the property.
Rhodes Airport is at 37 km.
The simply furnished rooms feature a warm décor.
Each room has a flat-screen digital TV, tea/coffee and a welcome pack including fresh fruit and chocolates.
The Fashion District in Los Angeles is 10 minutes’ drive from Regal Inn. Los Angeles International Airport is 20 minutes' drive away.
Towels and bed linen are featured.
Free WiFi is available throughout the building.
At Loca International Youth Hostel@Xi'an you will find a tour desk helping with trip arrangements, luggage storage and surcharged airport shuttle.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar. Free private parking is available on site.
There is a private bathroom with a hot tub.
The property has a ski school and ski storage space and ski equipment hire is available.
The bright, simply decorated rooms of this inn have parquet floors.
Light Hotel’s garden features a children’s playground and barbecue facilities.
A TV and minibar are offered.
It is a 5-minute walk from Lotus Supermarket and a 15-minute walk from Chenghai Exhibition Centre.
Tivat Airport is 16 km from the property.
Rooms are carpeted and offer a private bathroom, safe and radio.
Katowice-Pyrzowice International Airport is 28 km away from Zajazd Bachus.
Carrizozo Municipal Airport is 4 minutes’ drive away from Inn Rainbow.
It features a pool with water-slide and hot tub.
Located 500 metres from Lecce Train Station, Chambres d'hôtes Salento offers a shared lounge with a balcony.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
A local bus stops only 200 metres away.
Located just a 30-minute ride from Rayong City, Baan Nuntasiree Hotel features gallery of artwork created by famous Thai artists.
A free hot breakfast and a continental breakfast are served.
Free WiFi is available.
All rooms at the Bed & Breakfast Lübeck feature satellite TV and a private bathroom.
The property features a barbecue restaurant that serves à la carte dishes of Argentinian grill.
Sunny Apartment in Opera Louvre is a self-catering accommodation located in the 2nd disctrict in Paris. It is only 600 metres from Opéra Garnier and 700 metres from the Louvre Museum.
Other facilities at La Bassana include a barbecue.
Located off Interstate 94, just 6 minutes’ drive from Jamestown Civic Center, this North Dakota hotel serves a daily continental breakfast with hot items.
Each en suite bathroom provides shower facilities.
A pampering spa can be enjoyed at Lemonde Spa.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
Visitors can choose to explore the surrounding area on foot, or relax in one of Jermuk’s many spas.
The residence also houses a restaurant.
A free airport transfer is provided.
Free private parking is available on site.
With easy access to the harbour of Latchi and 1 km from the beach of Polis Chrysochous, Villa Mandora offers a private pool and furnished sun terrace.
The Parsenn and Jakobshorn cable cars are about 1.4 km away and can be used free of charge during summer.
The Esprit Arena and the Düsseldorf Exhibition Centre are within a 10-minute drive.
There is a seating area, a small dining table and cable TV. The private bathroom has a glass-enclosed shower.
Guests are invited to relax in the sauna and hot tub or enjoy a drink in the bar.
There is one living room and one bedroom, suitable for 4 guests.
Calaveras Big Tree State Park is 40 minutes’ drive from the property.
Tennis courts and a spa centre can be found 4 km away, while rafting can be arranged in Omiš, 6 km away.
Priel-Hüs features warmly decorated studios and apartments with classic-style interiors.
There is also a dining area in each, where you can enjoy them.
Special diet menus can be requested and there is a drinks vending machine.
It features free Wi-Fi throughout the property, a swimming pool and gardens.
You can play tabletop football and darts at the property.
Landline calls within Germany are also free for guests.
There is a kitchen with a dishwasher, ceramic hob and microwave, and a bathroom with a shower, washing machine and hairdryer.
All units include a seating area.
Some duplex apartments offer a balcony overlooking the Bosphorus.
At Poet Art Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
Guests are invited to relax on the hotel’s terrace or in the bar.
A shared kitchen is available for guests who want to cook their meals. A shared lounge provides a place to relax.
The André Garrett at Cliveden restaurant has 3 AA Rosettes and spectacular views over the gardens.
Holiday home Marielyst Strandpark Væggerløse offers a terrace and is situated in Bøtø By.
The inn also offers bike hire.
Each unit also comes with a refrigerator, a patio and cable TV.
Coal Harbour is 5 km away.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Enjoying a quiet location in Cesky Krumlov, the Penzion Po Vode offers free WiFi in all rooms.
Leave your car here and go for a bike ride or walk along the Ruhrtalradwanderweg trail, which leads right past the hotel.
All rooms feature air conditioning, internet connection and a private bathroom with hairdryer.
Certain units feature views of the sea or garden.
The Ludhiana Airport is just 15 km away.
All units feature a seating and dining area.
It offers the perfect base to explore the Goldfields region.
A grocery store and a restaurant can be found within 400 metres.
There is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit.
Rooms at Hotel Am Grudenberg are elegantly decorated with rich colours and a nice mix of modern and antique furnishings.
In this medieval ambience, you will have plenty of opportunities to sample the exquisite cuisine.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Guest House on April Street 9 offers pet-friendly accommodation in Tʼetʼri Tsqaro, 32 km from Tbilisi City.
Yiorgos Studios is situated 72 km from Chania Town and 77 km from Souda Port.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The fitted kitchen has a dishwasher and a microwave.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave, fridge and stovetop. A minibar and kettle are also available. Each unit features a private bathroom with slippers.
The rooms at Urrezko Ametsa feature wooden floors , a desk and a wardrobe.
The fully equipped kitchens provide a microwave and a refrigerator.
French Coast Villas – Jardin Botanica is 4.3 km from Pointe de la Torche.
A buffet breakfast is available each morning and an early breakfast from 04:30 can also be requested.
Bed linen and towels are included.
Some rooms feature a balcony or terrace.
This hotel is 12 miles from Brewton-Parker College and three miles from Southeastern Technical College.
Vielsalm is 16 km away and Gouvy is 7.5 km from this chalet.
It features rooms with flat-screen satellite TV, free Wi-Fi and balconies featuring views of the Baltic Sea or Puck Bay.
Pondok Bintang Karimunjawa is located in the tranquil area of Karimunjawa.
The hotel provides luggage storage services at its 24-hour front desk.
Extras include a laptop safe.
WiFi is available for free in the hotel lobby.
Grand Hyatt has 4 in-house restaurants.
Brest is 45 km from Le Theven, while Perros-Guirec is 49 km from the property.
The guestrooms at the property are all equipped with a TV.
Restaurant Coworth Park serves gourmet fine cuisine and international wine list.
Por do Sol Sand Dune is 1 km away, while restaurants, bars and shops can be found within 600 metres.
All air-conditioned apartments come with a sofa, a writing desk and a cable TV. Stove, kitchenware and fridge are included in the kitchen.
Guests can fish directly from the property terrace or just take in the view.
A buffet breakfast is served in the San Lazaro Hotel’s restaurant.
The accommodation comes with a flat-screen TV. A microwave and fridge are also featured, as well as a kettle.
At the business centre, you may check work updates.
Private parking is available on site for free.
This holiday home offers a spa bath and can accommodate up to eight guests.
You will find a shared lounge at the property.
A sandy beach with a beach bar and sports facilities is 450 metres away.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
Situated in West Helena, 41 km from Clarksdale, Delta Inn features free WiFi access and free private parking.
Each room features a clothes rack, seating area and cement flooring.
Apartment Appetiti is 1 km from Florence Cathedral.
The accommodation is provided with a TV and DVD player.
White Shell Lounge and Restaurant is situated in Flic en Flac seaside village on the west coast of Mauritius.
Wadley Hospital is within walking distance.
Free private parking is available on site.
Protaras Waterpark, and an array of restaurants and shops is within walking distance of Panorama Penthouse.
Guests staying at Carlos V can can also book trekking or horse-riding tours for an extra fee.
Free WiFi and parking are available at the property.
Select guest rooms feature a kitchenette.
The bathrooms come with shower.
Offering an outdoor pool, the adult-only Alexander's Guesthouse is located 2.2 km from the Southernmost Point in Key West, Florida.
The nearest airport is Turku Airport, 13 km from Villa Marina.
It features sun chairs, tables and a fountain.
Breakfast is buffet-style and features homemade cakes, cereals, and more sweet food.
The property offers free parking.
Rooms are decorated with dark wood furnishings and vibrant floral fabrics.
Free private parking is available on site.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a tour desk.
All guest rooms at the Sofitel El Gezirah hotel feature air conditioning, satellite TV, free basic WiFi and minibar.
The resort town of Golden Sands is 3 km from the property, while the centre of Varna is 11 km away.
Some units include views of the mountain or city.
Guests can indulge in massage treatments at the spa, or relax on the private beach.
All the air-conditioned rooms at Premiere Classe Freyming Merlebach offer a TV and a private bathroom with a shower.
Private parking is available free of charge.
Each room at the B&B has wooden floors and features a TV and a DVD player.
There is a seating area, a dining area and a kitchenette equipped with microwave.
Ozolnieki railway station is within 300 metres and the nearest bus stop is within 60 metres.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 12 km from the property.
A cable TV and a table with chairs are provided in every room at Gallup Econo Lodge.
Guests can dine in the dining room overlooking the sea and beach or on the terrace.
Each air-conditioned apartment includes a patio with sea views. It features a seating area with flat-screen TV. The kitchen is equipped with an oven, microwave and stove.
Penang Airport and Batu Feringghi are a 20-minute drive away.
The US Capitol Building is 10 minutes' walk from Hyatt Place, while Nationals Stadium is 1.6 km from the property.
The attached bathrooms are equipped with a shower and free toiletries.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
This 3-star hotel in the centre of Arnoldstein is 10 km from Villach and Lake Faak.
It also offers a free pickup service from Hualien Train Station to the hotel.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels.
Posada Pfullendorf is styled with dark wood furnishings, wooden window frames and wrought-iron details.
Staff can assist guests with car rentals and laundry requests.
Facilities include regular nightly entertainment, a diving centre and outdoor pool.
The Kandy Railway Station is 1.4 km while the Bandaranaike International Airport is located 83 km away.
The nearest airport is Bodrum-Imsik Airport, 11 km from the property.
Free mooring for boats is available.
Rock Bite features free WiFi throughout the property.
All rooms at Hotel Grand Saadet come with modern decoration.
The scenic Stolzenfels Castle is 16 km from Star Hotel.
Staff can recommend local restaurants, cafés and attractions such as the Naval Museum.
Surrounded by the Rhodope Mountains, The Poppies House is situated in Progled, 4 km from the Pamporovo Ski Resort.
The Integris Marshall County Medical Center is just 3 minutes’ drive from this hotel.
Düsseldorf Friedrichstadt railway station is just steps from Hotel Schaum.
The en suite rooms of Park Hotel Regina offer scenic views of the Italian Alps, including green valleys, pine forests, and white peaks.
German and Mediterranean à la carte dishes are also served.
Free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Boasting an outdoor pool and views of the sea, Casa Fatebenefratelli is located in Varazze.
Buffet breakfast is served daily at the restaurant, which also offers a lunch and dinner menu with regional and international delicacies.
Es Colomer and the à la carte El Pi Restaurant offer outdoor dining.
Sants Train Station is 5 minutes’ walk away.
The apartment has a fully equipped kitchen and all units are fitted with a microwave and a small fridge.
Knott’s Berry Farm is 12 minutes’ drive away.
Some units feature a terrace and/or balcony.
Complete with a microwave, the dining area also has a refrigerator and kitchenware.
The Viceroy is 6.4 km from the Hammer Museum of Art.
In the evening the hotel provides live entertainment.
Breakfast in the room is available.
The centre of Cavos with shops, Greek, Italian and Mexican restaurants is a 2-minute walk away from the property.
Pompidou Centre is 1.3 km from Cosy Holidays Room, while Notre Dame Cathedral is 1.4 km from the property.
The kitchen comes with a dishwasher and the bathroom is provided with a bath tub.
Non-smoking rooms are also available.
The popular Cassino beach is located 18 km from Costa Doce.
Bath amenities are available in the bathrooms.
After a busy day of work or play, relax in the indoor heated pool and hot tub.
A flat screen TV is featured.
The State Opera House is situated 200 metres from the property and Andrassy Avenue is reachable within 1 minute by car.
Both apartments offer free WiFi access. Each one has a kitchen with a refrigerator and an electric kettle, as well as a private bathroom with a shower.
You can enjoy city view.
Excursions to Kaliningrad and Instenburg can be arranged at the A-more Guest House.
Free private parking is available on site.
Meeting facilities, dry cleaning services, and a sundry shop can also be found at the hotel.
Bikes can be rented.
Each room has en suite bathroom facilities with shower and hairdryer. There is a flat-screen TV, telephone and tea and coffee facilities in all rooms.
Free private parking is possible on site.
It features a shared kitchen and dining area and serves a daily continental breakfast.
WiFi access is available free of charge for guests.
Trim Hotel has been designed to blend into this historical setting whilst offering excellent service and modern amenities.
Younger guests enjoy a children’s pool and a playground.
The soundproof rooms at the Belgrade Inn are air-conditioned and feature a 32'' cable TV and a work desk, as well as a mini bar and a safe.
Apartment will provide you with a lounge area complete with a satellite TV and a sofa.
The Reynishverfisvegur trail is a 10 km drive away from Nausthamar Apartment.
It offers free parking, a roof terrace and brightly decorated rooms and apartments with free Wi-Fi access.
A glass, round dining table can accommodate up to 4 people in the living room.
Accommodation features typical windows, parquet floors and high ceilings with wooden beams.
Located on the fishing harbour in La Cotinière, this hotel is only 100 metres from the beach.
A complimentary hot breakfast buffet is provided each morning.
At breakfast you can enjoy a variety of sweet products, plus both hot and cold drinks.
Picasso Museum is 400 metres from Clemens9, while Malaga Cathedral is 600 metres from the property. The nearest airport is Malaga Airport, 9 km from Clemens9.
It features a traditional, German-style restaurant and modern rooms with a flat-screen TV.
Pulkovo Airport is 16 km away.
Extras include a safety deposit box and bed linen.
Alamys Guest House offers accommodation in Gudauta, on the Black Sea coast.
They feature living and dining areas, bathrooms and a kitchenette. Facilities include a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a fridge and an electric kettle.
Featuring free WiFi, Guest House Rest in Sea offers pet-friendly accommodation in Kobuleti.
The hotel is 500 metres from Le Castella town centre, and a 12-minute drive from Crotone Airport.
Apartments also offer a balcony and views of the sea and the garden.
Conveniently located close to the shopping centres and the main tourist attractions, you can reach every point in Luxembourg within 30 minutes.
There is free parking at the property.
Courtyard Scottsdale Old Town’s traditionally furnished guest rooms feature white linens.
The Main Bus Station is 300 metres away and Tivat Airport is 37 km from Katarina Apartments.
This Edmonton hotel is located next to the Argyll Plaza Arena.
Free shuttle service from the property to a ski lift is offered to the hotel ́s guests.
Rooms are well-appointed and cooled with air conditioning.
Copenhagen's famous shopping street, Strøget, is only 10 minutes’ walk away.
Tangalle Lagoon is 1.3 km from shehara homestay, while Mulkirigala Rock Monastery is 1.9 km from the property.
Görlitz is 30 km from Berggasthof Beckenbergbaude, while Bad Schandau is 37 km away.
Rooms are spacious and elegantly decorated with wood floors. They all feature free wired internet access, a kettle, minibar and an LCD TV with satellite channels.
Small desks and portable heaters can be provided in the rooms, on request.
Daly’s Pub & Rec offers pub fare and cocktails for lunch and dinner and guests can enjoy an espresso bar at Buzz Coffee Shop.
Vending machines featuring snacks and drinks are located on-site.
The in-house restaurant only provides breakfast on request.
Diving, fishing and snorkelling can be arranged by the hotel’s tour desk.
All rooms have satellite TV and Canal+ channels and free Wi-Fi access access.
Coffee-making facilities are also included.
The spacious guest studios provide cable TV with HBO and seating and dining areas.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Located under a 5-minute drive from Ihotewu beach, Swansea offers self-catering apartments and a communal terrace with outdoor furniture. WiFi and on-site parking are availble free of charge.
The quaint Porto Covo village 67 km away, and Ilha do Pessegueiro is 68.9 km away. São Vicente Cape in Sagres is 58 km from Quinta Pero Vicente.
Each of the air-conditioned rooms has a private bathroom with shower.
The on-site Qiwei Bar serves Hakka cuisine and Hunan cuisine.
Montpellier-Méditerranée Airport is located 18.5 km from the property.
Breakfast is served every morning in the communal lounge.
Apartments also have kitchens equipped with a stove, microwave, fridge and a coffee maker.
This hotel is located in Yalta and features panoramic views of the Black Sea.
A Japanese breakfast and dinner are served at the dining area.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Premier Inn Restaurant serves a varied menu for evening dining, and the stylish bar offers a range of light snacks and beverages.
Local activities include cycling, fishing, golf and sightseeing.
At Ashberry Guest House, a full English breakfast is served in the breakfast room every morning, which has 6 individual tables.
Other facilities offered at the property include a fireplace, sandpit, barbeque and garden furniture.
A ski bus stop is just a 5-minute walk away.
The apartments include air conditioning and a kitchenette with a fridge.
The property features a spacious garden and an outdoor seating area where guests can relax.
It is set amidst a blossomed garden and lies within 500 metres from taverns and bars.
This 4-star-superior boutique hotel is beautifully located on the harbour promenade at Lake Constance on the island of Lindau.
Facilities include a flat-screen TV, a washing machine, tumble dryer and hairdryer.
The unit includes a kitchen with an oven and fridge. satellite TV, and a living area.
Apartamentos Strelitzias is located just a few steps from Playa del Inglés Beach.
This holiday home is 46 km from Billund Airport.
Breakfast is included and served every morning.
Featuring anonymous 24-hour check-in, valet parking and rooms with large mirrors, Motel Punt 14 is a love hotel located in Gavà, just off the C-31 Motorway.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen TV. You will find a kettle in the room. Each room is fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a shower. For your comfort, you will find bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
The rooms are fitted with cable TV and a refrigerator. The bathroom comes with a shower and towels, and linen is provided.
The nearest airport is Naxos Island National Airport, 2 km from the property.
All of the rooms have private en suite facilities and free Wi-Fi internet access.
Rooms at Hosteria Termas del Challao are simply furnished. All of them have air conditioning, heating, a cable TV and an electric kettle.
Located a few steps from Marseille Old Port, Quai Numéro Neuf is a self-catering apartment offering free WiFi.
A parking place is available on the plot.
Rooms at the Fatima Hotel Kazan are individually furnished with warm colours.
The RedTail Landing Golf Club is a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
Philadelphia’s historic center is 14 miles from the hotel.
En suite bathrooms have a shower.
Alle 3 Stelle Barocco offers accommodation in Venice, 800 metres from Ca' d'Oro and 900 metres from Rialto Bridge.
The hotel’s spa is available by prior arrangement.
At Vityaz Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk.
The Turkish restaurant serves Turkish favorites in a traditional Ottoman setting. Spectrum features open show kitchens and international cuisine.
All of the rooms are elegant and spacious, with en suite facilities, a TV and striking views of Kenmare Bay and the cascading Sheen waterfalls.
The nearest airport is Pula Airport, 80 km from the property.
The Signature hotel restaurant serves international dishes with fusion and molecular kitchen elements.
Located 4 km from Ramsau am Dachstein, Hotel Tischlberger offers accommodation units with free WiFi.
Guests can use a ski storage room and barbecue facilities, and benefit from free WiFi in public areas.
Chezlee Hotel, Seoul is an 8-minute walk from Nambu Bus Terminal Subway Station (Line 3) and less than one km from Seoul National University of Education.
Siracusa is a 30-minute drive away.
It offers free WiFi access.
All rooms have cable TV and a minibar. Private bathrooms are also provided.
The nearest airport is Ercan Airport, 15 km from the property.
Located in downtown Buenos Aires, 9 de Julio Avenue Apartments offers self-catering accommodation in the trendy Recoleta district.
Located 15 minutes’ drive from Snowbasin Ski Resort, this historic Utah hotel offers a hot tub and sauna.
Luggage can be stored at the 24-hour front desk.
Every morning a continental breakfast is served at the hotel’s spacious restaurant, which offers traditional Polish and international dishes.
The en-suite bathroom includes a shower and hairdryer.
Limón International Airport is 42 km away.
The air-conditioned Japanese-style guestrooms at Ryoan Ise Todaya feature futon bedding and tatami (woven-straw) floors.
The hotel is just 20 minutes from Agadir airport and free parking is available onsite.
Free WiFi access is available.
Brighton Pier is 600 metres from Marina By The Sea B&B, while Brighton Dome is 700 metres away.
Besides air conditioning and a telephone.
Each features a private bathroom with shower and a hairdryer.
Each room here is elegantly appointed and features wooden furniture, flat-screen satellite TV, a minibar and an iPod dock.
Remiremont TGV Train Station is 26 km from Nids des Vosges. Epinal is 31 km away.
The resort provides car rental services and free parking, while sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Popular Calis Beach is a 15-minute walk away, whereas there are many restaurants and supermarkets nearby.
Budapest Liszt Ferenc Airport is 18 km away.
The classic-style apartment features a balcony, washing machine and TV with channels.
With a terrace, the apartment comes with a seating area with a satellite TV. The well-equipped kitchen has a dishwasher.
The house has a terrace and/or balcony with mountain or garden views.
There is a private bathroom with a bath and bidet in each unit, along with bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
Lavande Hotel Wuhan Wusheng Road is situated in the Nan Gang district in Harbin, 3.9 km from Central Street.
Apartment Conrada is an apartment located in Gdynia, 2.6 km from Gdynia Stadium and 2 km from the borders of Sopot. The unit is 5 km from Świętojańska Street, and guests benefit from free WiFi and private parking available on site.
Apartments at the Cala d’Or Park all have a balcony and air conditioning.
The living room features a TV, fireplace, dining table and sofas, while the kitchen includes a microwave, hob and washing machine.
Clermont-Ferrand Auvergne Airport is 108 km away.
Public parking spaces are available in front of the building for an extra charge.
The tour desk can book local activities including Yellow-eyed Penguin watching, Albatross Encounters, Cadbury Chocolate Factory and Speights Brewery tours.
A selection of cuisines can be found near the property within 250 metres.
Featuring views of the Pontevedra Ria, this hotel offers terraces with sea views and rooms with heating. Free WiFi is available throughout.
On site you can enjoy the beautiful indoor swimming pool, sauna, steam bath, and a mini gym.
Each unit at Zöldvár villa comes with views, a TV with cable channels and a private bathroom with a shower or a bath tub.
Offering a restaurant and free WiFi, Hotel Albatros is centrally located in Mamaia, 50 metres from the beach and 200 metres from Mamaia Casino, right next to the cable car and the promenade.
Hotel Boutique Ses Pitreras features 7 rooms combining both Ibizan and minimalist décor and offering views of the garden and the pool.
The spa area can be used free of charge every weekday afternoon.
The ferry terminal and the bus/train stations are reachable within less than 5 minutes on foot.
Attached bathrooms include hot/cold shower facilities and free toiletries.
HARRIS Hotel Raya Kuta Bali is a 5-minute walk from Joger Bali Shop and a 10-minute drive from Ngurah Rai International Airport.
With a terrace, the apartment comes with a TV, seating area and a kitchenette with a microwave.
The property offers free parking on site.
It is 1.8 km from Tianfu Square, 2 km from Du Fu Thatched Cottage, 2.3 km from Wenshu Yuan Monastery and 2.6 km from Wuhou Memorial Temple.
Offering a seasonal outdoor pool and barbecue, Apartment Kovacevic is set in Potočnica, 10 km from Novalja in the Pag Island Region.
Vesoul is only a 25-minute drive away.
The hotel’s gastronomic restaurant, L’Almandin, serves refined dishes, mixing modern and regional influences.
The aparthotel is 10 minutes’ drive from the George Washington Seafront and 5 minutes’ drive from the Agora Mall, Acropolis Centre and the Blue Mall.
A buffet style breakfast is served daily in the dining area and there are many restaurants within a 10-minute walk.
The individually decorated suites offer premium bedding, original floors and courtyard views.
Haeundae Station is a mere 400 metres away while Busan Aquarium is an 11-minute walk away from Best Louis Hamilton Hotel.
Free private parking is available on site.
Guests can benefit from beauty treatments at the spa, or relax on the sun loungers by the pool. They can also engage in hydro-gym and yoga lessons, or play football, tennis and bocce.
The spacious Langelund Apartments are housed in converted farmhouses and include separate bedrooms, a dining area and flat-screen TV.
It offers free Wi-Fi and en-suite accommodation options with kitchen facilities.
The property offers free parking.
All rooms come with shared bathroom facilities.
Rental bicycles are on offer.
Each room features an en suite shower or bathroom, a flat-screen TV, tea/coffee making facilities, free toiletries and garden views.
The property comes with free WiFi access and is 5 km away from Zagreb Main Square.
The property offers free parking.
Several restaurants, pubs and grocery shops are situated in the immediate vicinity of the GolfCat Hostel.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and an oven provided and the en-suite bathroom features a shower.
Butterfly Valley is 7.7 km from the property.
Daytona Rock Bar is 15 km from Maria.
Each floor has a balcony and shared bathroom facilities.
The property offers free parking.
Sayaji Hotel features free WiFi throughout the property.
It also includes 2 bathrooms and a hairdryer.
Guests also have access to a large terrace area facing the valley and a guest laundry.
Public parking is available nearby.
It offers a continental breakfast and free Wi-Fi.
La Mansarde is 10 km from Libourne, 16 km from the A89 motorway and 40 km from Bordeaux.
Some rooms feature a private balcony.
Your room at the Amaten is fitted with traditional light-wood furnishings and either carpeted or wooden floors.
Free WiFi is available and private parking is available on site.
The nearest airport is Barnaul Airport, 16 km from the property.
Rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bath or shower.
After a busy day of work or sightseeing, have a relaxing cocktail in the comfortable bar, before savouring a meal in the restaurant.
This Logis Hotel is located in Niort, between Poitiers and La Rochelle.
The poolside snack bar offers fresh juices, cocktails and light snacks throughout the day.
The Blaha Lujza Square metro stop on the M3 line and the Keleti Railway Station are within the same distance.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath.
After breakfast, relax in the indoor pool and whirlpool or take advantage of the free high-speed internet access, which is available in each guestroom.
T Bar Restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner every day.
Heated rooms feature wooden floors and come with a desk, wardrobe and TV.
General Hospital O.L.V. Ter Linden is 1.9 km from Appartement Knokke, while For Freedom Museum is 5 km away.
Inverbeg Holiday Park offers lodges and static caravans in Inverbeg, on the banks of the beautiful Loch Lomond.
Located barely 500 metres from the Mysore Railway Station, Hotel Prakaash Palace offers clean and comfortable accommodation in the scenic Mysore city.
Motel Amain is a 5-minute walk from the Mangrove Eco Museum. It is a 50-minute drive from Taoyuan International Airport.
You will find free shuttle service at the property.
Chambres du Vimont offers bed and breakfast accommodation 30 km from Sarlat-la-Canéda and its train station. There is free Wi-Fi and a garden with terrace and outdoor furniture.
Restaurant Hatago features a terrace overlooking Heiwadori Street.
Situated in the Malvarrosa Beach district in Valencia, this air-conditioned apartment is 3.6 km from Puerto de Valencia.
Free Wi-Fi, a TV, tea and coffee facilities, and a hairdryer also feature in each room.
Guests have access to a shared bathroom and shared toilet.
Guests can enjoy a round of golf at the nearby Ashburton Golf Club.
The property offers free parking.
Located just 2 blocks from the Sagrada Familia, this hotel has a rooftop terrace overlooking Gaudí’s world-famous temple.
PORTA also includes a terrace.
Other facilities at Mondo Living - Executive Towers include a fitness centre.
Each studio at the Budget East Croydon Studios offers a kitchenette, fully equipped with a washing machine, microwave, and an oven.
This apartment has two bedrooms with a double bed and one bedroom with single beds.
The air-conditioned guest rooms are equipped with a mini fridge, cable TV and free Wi-Fi access.
Located in central Montpellier, Apartment Cabanel is a self-catering accommodation offering free WiFi access.
An extensive breakfast is available every morning buffet-style.
Heraklion City is at a distance of 15 km and Heraklion International Airport is 17 km away.
The hostel also offers bike hire.
It features an outdoor swimming pool, a business centre, and free Wi-Fi.
This hotel also offers 24-hour front desk service and a bar. Other services offered include luggage storage.
Offering a restaurant, Chesetta is located in Klosters.
Breakfast is served each morning at Guesthouse Hjá Marlín, and packed lunches can be bought on site.
Located in Karon, Sea & Sky One Bedroom Condominium is 1.3 km from Karon Night Market and 1.8 km from Karon Temple.
Located on the French Riviera, these self-catering studios and apartments are just 200 metres from Garoupe Beach.
Classically styled rooms at Coast Capri Hotel are furnished with a work desk and a refrigerator.
All rooms come with a seating area, a flat-screen cable TV, and a bathroom with free toiletries and a shower.
Panorama offers accommodation in Yaroslavl.
Las Americas Airport is 25 km away.
The private bathrooms include a shower.
There is 1 double bedroom and a bathroom.
The nearest airport is Halim Perdanakusuma Airport, 9 km from the property.
Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
Enjoy a pleasant sit-down meal with family or friends in the Parador de Tui, where you can accompany your meal with a tasty, regional wine.
Guest can unwind in the swimming pool or enjoy local city tour to explore Sanya, enjoy seafood and local cuisine, or make travel arrangements at the tour desk.
The accommodation has a cable flat-screen TV.
Vila Colina B&B can arrange skydiving and Portuguese language lessons.
Free Wi-FI is available throughout the hotel.
Restaurants and shops can be found within a short walk and a supermarket at 500 metres.
A fridge is provided, while an electric kettle and sleepwear can be rented at the front desk.
Private parking is provided.
Some include a washing machine.
Near Oak Mountain State Park Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott Birmingham Pelham/I65 all rooms have a microwave and refrigerator, in-room coffee and hair dryer, an iron and ironing board.
Guests of Hotel Seehof can use the spa area at the neighbouring Hotel Altein at discounted rates.
Upon request, a free shuttle service from the Eger Train Station 7 km away can be arranged.
The City Express serves a daily continental breakfast, including juice, yoghurts and fruit, plus some hot dishes.
Free private parking is provided on site.
This remodelled barn, located in Saint-Hilaire-sur-Helpe, offers country-style B&B accommodation in a rustic setting.
Some units are air conditioned and include a seating area with a TV.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
Popular summer activities include hiking and cycling.
Free WiFi is offered .
Set in Le Lavandou in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur Region, 400 metres from Aiguebelle, Aiguebelle Lavandou features a sun terrace and views of the sea. It is located in a 1-acre garden.
Extras include bed linen and a fan.
There is a terrace and a garden with a children’s playground, and free private parking is available on site.
Thanit B&B is 10 km from the closest beaches, while Cagliari International Airport is a 15-minute drive away.
You can enjoy a pool view from the room.
The bright air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
The rooms at the Eigernordwand are fitted with carpeted flooring and feature shared bathroom facilities.
Hotel Tskhratskara is located in the Georgian town of Bukuriani, which is a popular ski resort.
With a convenient location, the setting offers easy links to various dining options nearby.
Comeragh Road is located between Baron’s Court and West Kensington Tube stations.
Cabañas Sol de Abril is 16 km from the city centre and 35 km from Astor Piazzolla Airport.
Guests benefit from the guest card Olympiaregion Seefeld, which includes free use of the ski bus and the local bus.
The hotel also offers access to the business center and fitness center.
Barbecue facilities are available outside.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
Haus Brunnacker offers a quiet location close to the centre of Fiss, only a 5-minute walk from the ski lift, where you can find free ski-storage facilities.
Each room here will provide you with a seating area.
All rooms feature a flat-screen TV, cool tiled floors, and a private bathroom.
Guesthouse Dandihera offers both dormitory rooms and private rooms.
Located just in front of the Club Nautic S'Estanyol, in southern Mallorca, Apartamentos Dúplex S’Estanyol de Migjorn offers apartments with sea views.
Sleek rooms at Royal St.
Rooms provide both air conditioning and a fan.
A restaurant is a featured on site and free private parking is possible at Studio Christl.
It offers large comfortable lounge with pool tables and a games room.
You can relax in the Chinese or Moroccan lounge, read in the reading room or have a snack by the sea or the pool.
The Hilton Garden Inn is within a 15-minute drive of Ronald Reagan National Airport. The hotel is one block from the Village at Shirlington, which offers shopping and dining.
This holiday home is 76 km from Billund Airport.
The private bathrooms have a bath, a shower and come with a hairdryer.
Wi-Fi in public areas and private parking are also available to guests for free.
Room service is available for in-room dining comforts.
Each is equipped with free Wi-Fi access and satellite TV, and bathrobes and slippers are provided.
Some also come with a kitchenette.
The Red Townhouse is located close to the centre of the historic market town of Penrith, a 10-minute walk from Penrith Train Station.
There is a fully-equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Free public parking is possible nearby.
There is also free Wi-Fi and free parking.
Modern furniture and soft, carpeted floors are present in all of Arabela’s accommodations. The rooms, studios and suites come with satellite TV, a minibar and work desk.
The Rosshütte and Gschwandtkopf ski resorts are 500 metres away.
A fireplace, sofas and satellite TV are included in the living room.
The castles of Neuschwanstein and Hohenschwangau are a 5-minute drive away.
Guests find a grocery store and a supermarket 300 metres away.
It features a sea-view terrace and a garden with barbecue facilities.
Shops can be found in 4 km from the property and restaurants are in 3.5 km.
There is a dining area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
The bright rooms of the Landgasthof Hotel Sontheim include satellite TV and a private bathroom.
A sweet and savoury breakfast buffet is served daily.
You can enjoy garden view from all the rooms.
A balcony or patio are featured in certain rooms.
Aragon III Ernen is a self-catering accommodation located in Ernen, in a quiet, sunny position, 2.0 km from Luftseilbahn Fürgangen-Bellwald and 2.1 km from Lift ausser Betrieb.
Behind a grand, white exterior, Hotel Usadba offers a variety of classic-style rooms and suites, all featuring a satellite TV and minibar.
Airport is located 20km from the property. It is possible to visit shops and restaurants within 5km.
Rooms come with a shared or private bathroom.
A flat-screen TV is featured.
Free WiFi is featured .
Facilities include a coin launderette, a business centre and drink vending machines.
Each room is fully air-conditioned and equipped with a flat-screen cable TV. There is also a minibar, fridge and an electric kettle.
The kitchen includes an oven, stove and refrigerator.
The towns of Füssen and Schongau are only 2 km from the Weirich.
Some also have a balcony.
They include a kitchenette with dining area and they are equipped with a safety box. Each unit also has its own bathroom with shower.
The Old Post is 500 metres from the shores of Bottenviken (Bay of Bothnia).
Shops and restaurants are available within 700 m.
A flat-screen cable satellite TV is offered in each guest room at Fairfield Inn and Suites Sierra Vista.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and a bidet.
They all come with cable TV channels, a minibar and en suite bathrooms.
Villa Graziella is 10 km from Olbia - Costa Smeralda Airport.
Boasting a fully-equipped kitchen, the villa comes with both indoor and outdoor dining areas.
There is free private parking on site.
The nearest airport is Târgu Mureş Airport, 65 km from the property.
There is a private bathroom with a bath.
Foz do Iguaçu/Cataratas Airport is located a 35-minute drive from this hotel.
Classic-style rooms feature a private or shared bathroom with a hairdryer.
The centre of Protaras lies within 3 km, while Larnaca International Airport is 63 km away.
Free Wi-Fi is available in each room.
Offering a terrace and views of the city, I Puritani B&B is located in Catania, 400 metres from Piazza Duomo.
An en suite bathroom is offered in rooms at Tree Island Bed and Breakfast.
It is 27 km from Bragança city.
Bike and car rentals can be arranged on site, while the nearest beach is 1km away.
The property has a guest lounge with sea views, a DVD player, board games and a dining area.
The dry cleaning, ironing service and laundry facilities are available at a surcharge.
Offering bright and modern rooms with free Wi-Fi, Serendipity Beach Resort is just 30-metres from Serendipity Beach.
Milan Central Train Station is located a 15-minute walk from Design Apartment. San Babila Square can be reached in a 10-minute metro ride.
Offering a barbecue and terrace, Guest House Agat is set in Arkhipo-Osipovka in the Krasnodar Krai Region, 43 km from Gelendzhik.
The property has 33 acres of land for guests to explore with a guide at no extra cost, the land includes trails and waterfalls.
Landhuis Vedastus provides spacious rooms with a flat-screen TV and free WiFi at a rural location 5 km from Poperinge and 10 km from the historic Ypres.
Featuring a private outdoor pool surrounded by a landscaped garden, Villa Putih is a 2-bedroom villa with air-conditioned bedrooms, en suite bathrooms and free Wi-Fi. Located on Jalan Raya Kerobokan, it also has a sundeck.
It offers a garden and a soundproofed room with free Wi-Fi access and antique-style furniture.
The restaurant on site will provide you with buffet and a-la-carte options.
The stylish 4-star hotel offers a breakfast restaurant, free parking and rooms with free internet.
You can park your car for free at the Mauro.
Residence Inn Portland Scarborough is located just a 5-minute drive from Maine's premiere businesses such as UNUM, Hannaford, and Fairchild. The Maine Mall is 1.3 miles away.
They also feature a Nespresso coffee machine and have views of the garden, terrace or swimming pool.
Surrounded by scenic walks and tranquil bays, this manor is situated on the Whitford Peninsula.
Contemporary amenities include a 29-inch cable/satellite TV and free tea/coffee making facilities.
Borovets is 13 km from Ten Houses Hotel, while Dobrinishte is 49 km away.
Val Grande Valley is 1.5 km from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting rooms, a shared kitchen and a shared lounge.
Guests may find an electric kettle.
Resort Lantern Patong is a 5-minute walk from Soi Bangla and a 30-minute drive from Phuket International Airport.
An in-room coffee maker and ironing facilities are included.
Certain rooms include a seating area where you can relax.
The Flaminio is 3 km from the Aquarium of Cattolica.
Located in the heart of Rheinberg, this 2-star hotel is an ideal base for exploring the Ruhr Area or the beautiful countryside of the Lower Rhine.
A washing machine and a tumble dryer are available against a surcharge.
Brasilia - Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek International Airport is 12 km away.
The nearest shops and restaurants are 1 km away.
The B&B is 15 km from Beauvais Airport.
The property offers free parking.
The four-bedroom accommodation is provided with a TV, Hi-Fi system and a DVD-player.
Set in a large garden in Castelrotto, 4-star Hotel Castel Oswald von Wolkenstein offers a free spa with pool and Alpine-style rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The Pušynas is located in a quiet area, only 800 metres from the Baltic Sea.
Bellas Artes Museum is 700 metres away and Plaza de Armas square is 800 metres away.
Private parking spaces are available on site free of charge.
It also offers a terrace with scenic mountain views which invites to relax.
Hotelik Za Murem features a green garden with outdoor deckchairs, a playground and a barbecue area.
Warina Place is a 30-minute drive from Krabi Town, and a 45-minute taxi ride from Krabi International Airport.
Air conditioning is available on request.
Free WiFi is provided .
Free WiFi access is available.
Marconfort Beach Club Hotel - All Inclusive has a poolside terrace with sun loungers.
Situaded on the edge of Horezu on the DN 67 road, Hotel Alex offers en-suite rooms with mountain-view balcony, tasty Romanian cuisine and free Wi-Fi.
The Holiday home is located in a large garden with children's playground, barbecue facilities and seating area.
24 hour security and free parking are provided. Neighboring shops include a mini-market, internet cafe, surf shops, a juice bar, Skate Park and great dining options. Local activities include yoga, surfing, zip-line canopy tours, ATV tours, horseback riding, kayaking, paddle boarding, snorkeling trips and waterfall tours.
Featuring a sun terrace and fitness centre, Taipei M Hotel – Main Station offers modern guest rooms for visitors.
Gap Train Station is 14 km from the property.
At Apartment Divino, a terrace is at the guests’ disposal. The property offers free parking.
Hula Hula Beach Bar is 600 metres from Two-Bedroom Apartment with Sea View in Hvar, while Hvar City Harbour is 1 km from the property.
There is a common TV room with satellite channels and a seating area. There also is a dining area.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower and a bidet.
Zandhoven is 3 km from the property and the cities of Lier and Antwerp are 25 minutes' drive away.
Praia do Vau offers accommodation in Alvor, 3 km from Alvor Beach.
Offering an outdoor swimming pool and a fitness centre, Riveria Foothills & Residency Apartments offers accommodation in Arpora.
Guests can enjoy the billiard room, the mini golf course, the fitness facilities, the steam bath and massages for a surcharge.
The resort provides free parking and is a 30-minute drive from Krabi Airport.
Sopot is 37 km from Pueblo Apartamenty, while Gdynia is 42 km away.
The hotel also offers in-room satellite TV and free on-site parking.
The nearest airport is Pulkovo Airport, 21 km from Petergof House.
The hotel’s restaurant serves local food, and in-room dining is available 24 hours.
A daily breakfast is served at the Venice Best Western Plus Suites.
Bridge, which is the all day dining restaurant, serves India, Chinese, Continental and Italian fare.
Free Wi-Fi and cable TV are included in every room at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Chicago South Lansing.
The coast of the sea is a 20-minute walk away.
There is a dining area and a kitchen equipped with an oven, refrigerator, microwave, kettle, and stove-top.
Some units also afford views of the garden, private bathrooms and heating.
Offering a garden and views of the countryside, Fernlea Cottage Bed and Breakfast is located just 7 miles from the center of Chester.
Kazan International Airport is 26 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are provided at Apartment on Varshavskaya.
This holiday home is 25 km from Habib Bourguiba Airport.
Some units have a spa bathtub.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with bathrobes and slippers.
Innovative and traditional dishes are served in the restaurant.
All accommodation includes air conditioning, private bathroom and Wi-Fi on request.
The units at the Georgiev come with air conditioning, cable TV and a private bathroom with a shower. They also feature a balcony and a refrigerator.
Nearby attractions include Saint Peter's Basilica and Vatican Gardens which are 900 metres away.
The kitchen is fitted with a dishwasher.
Hôtel Le Rodin is located in the centre of Bazas.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
The nearest airport is Lal Bahadur Shastri International Airport, 24 km from the property.
Cal Maginet has original wooden beams and earth tiles.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guests can enjoy an outdoor swimming pool and a volleyball court.
For convenience, a business centre and 24-hour room service are provided.
Located at the heart of city centre, Xi’an Century Landscape Hotel is a 30-minute drive from Xianyang International Airport.
Additional features include free WiFi access and free private parking.
Free Wi-Fi and parking are provided, and staff can arrange horse riding lessons.
A microwave, stove and dishwasher are provided in the kitchen, while the bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Facilities here include a restaurant, a 24-hour front desk and free private parking is available on site.
Pashupatinath Temple and Tribhuvan International Airport are both 7 km away.
The property provides fish cleaning facilities and a freezer to hold guests’ catch.
There is a local bus station just 150 metres from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access and free private parking is possible on site.
Located in Palfau in the Steirische Eisenwurzen Nature Reserve, this 3-star hotel is 15 km from the Hochkar ski area.
Guesthouse Pirosmani is located in Borjomi and offers a hot tub and a shared kitchen.
Paraná city is a 40-minute drive.
Meals can also be ordered through room service.
The units at this property all include a TV with cable and satellite channels. Some units also come with a balcony.
Helsinki Fair Centre & Hartwall Arena is a 20-minute walk away, while Helsinki-Vantaa Airport is 15 minutes’ drive away.
With good access to the A-3 and A-40 Motorways, the house is an hour’s drive from Cuenca.
Rhodes Airport is situated 10 km away from the hotel.
Hotel Le Merle Blanc is located just outside the village of Digoin in the Bourgogne region.
Decorated with bright wooden furniture, all rooms offer satellite TV and a bathroom.
Neustadt swimming pool and the historic Decin Castle in the Czech Republic are about 20 km from the Toscana.
Activities in the surrounding area include skiing, cycling and hiking.
The hotel is less than a 10-minute drive from the sandy beaches of Drepano, Asini and Tolo.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
All rooms have balcony with a view to the sea or the mountain, bathroom, telephone, fridge and an electric fan.
Zadar Airpot is 15 km from Nata Apartments.
Facilities include air conditioning and a satellite TV.
Guests are welcome to relax in the Amadeus’s sauna, infra-red cabin, and massage lounge.
Queenstown Lakefront YHA Hostel is a 25-minute drive from Coronet Peak.
Lake View Apartments Akrotiri are located outside RAF Akrotiri.
Snovit Restaurant offers a Japanese-style breakfast buffet from 07:00 to 09:30.
All the rooms are air conditioned and feature a private balcony with seating and a sea view.
Each air-conditioned room here will provide you with a flat-screen satellite/cable TV, a seating area and an electric kettle.
Cerro Bayo Ski Centre is 6 km away and downtown Villa La Angostura is 5 km from Encanto.
Free parking is available to all guests of the pet-friendly Townsman.
During the winter season, the restaurant offers a gala dinner with a fillet buffet, and a country buffet with live music.
Situated in London, Marble Arch Flats offers self-catering accommodation with free WiFi access. The apartments are 700 metres from Edgware Road Tube Station and Lord's Cricket Ground.
At Holiday home Dalen Oksbøl II you will find a terrace equipped with garden furniture.
Facilities include a stove, microwave, air conditioning and flat-screen satellite TV with DVD player.
All rooms are air conditioned and feature a private bathroom.
Nestled in the Funes Valley, Hotel Kabis offers a traditional restaurant, free wellness centre and a peaceful garden.
Cori House is located less than a minute’s walk from Hunstanton town centre and is only 2 minutes' drive downhill from the beach and seafront.
The campsite has sports facilities such as a volleyball court and a basketball court.
The San Valentín & Terraflor Park is a bungalow complex in the popular Gran Canaria beach resort of Playa del Inglés.
You can start your day with breakfast on the rooftop terrace.
A CD, DVD player and TV are provided.
The hotel features a leisure centre and stylish restaurant.
The nearby metro station, on the red line, provides connection to the Cathedral in approximately 10 minutes.
Offering horse riding lessons, free Wi-Fi, and self-catering rooms, this Art Nouveau guest house is located in Neehausen in the Harz Mountains.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Nightclubs and cafés are a short drive away.
The rooms also feature a flat-screen TV and tea and coffee making facilities. The en suite bathroom boasts complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer.
There are two computers with the internet access that guests can use at a surcharge.
Located just 2 km from the Indore Railway Station, Hotel Kanchan Tilak operates a 24-hour front desk to assist guests at all hours.
Paris Studio Apartment offers accommodation in Bishkek.
The nearest supermarket is 1.5 km from Ferienhaus Chiemsee and a selection of restaurants, cafes and bars can be found within a 15-minute walking distance of the accommodation.
The nearest airport is Zhuliany Airport, 10 km from RentOrg Apartment on Olievskaya.
Located right in the touristic centre of La Paz, Golden Palace offers accommodations with free American breakfast and WiFi access.
Landhaus an der Linde offers mountain views, free WiFi and richly furnished interiors.
The bathroom is fitted with a bath and a shower.
The private bathroom comes with a shower and bidet.
Acre Train Station is a 20-minute drive from the property.
The private bathrooms come with a bath or a shower, free toiletries and bathrobes.
Some units have a balcony and/or patio with mountain views.
All rooms have access to a shared bathroom.
Free private parking is available on site.
Luggage storage, laundry and massage services are available on request.
Provence Guest House is an inn offering cosy guestrooms with a garden view terrace and free private parking.
La Mola Nature Reserve is a 20-minute walk from Regatxols. Peñíscola and Castellón, as well as the their beaches, can be reached in 1.5 hours by car.
Free private parking is available on site.
Each room at Youth Hostel Hubin features air conditioning, an electric kettle and a hairdryer.
Room service is also available for an additional fee.
Featuring a bath, private bathrooms also come with a bath or shower.
Somerset Vientiane is a serviced apartment strategically located between Rue Samsenthai and Rue Setthathilah, just a few minutes from the iconic King Fa Ngum statue.
Zurich Airport is located 70 km from the property.
Other facilities offered at the property include an ironing service.
The bright studios feature a sofa bed, a kitchenette with kitchenware, and a private bathroom.
Fitted with dark-wooden furnishings and double glazed windows, the air-conditioned apartments of Marina Alimos have a seating area and a fully equipped kitchen with dining area, fridge and stove.
Each air conditioned room will provide you with a seating area, a coffee machine and a refrigerator.
Free Wi-Fi is available in common areas.
All the rooms come with air conditioning, free Wi-Fi, balcony and minibar.
Located in Bang Tao Beach, Rock Mini Resort offers luxury accommodation with modern facilities.
Casa degli Ulivi's guests can grill their meals on the on-site barbecue.
Extras include a patio, a minibar and pay-per-view channels.
Le Due Sorelle consists of 12 spacious, fully furnished apartments in 3 buildings, all of which have air conditioning.
Kitchenettes include a coffee maker, microwave and fridge.
The property can arrange for scuba diving by the PADI- certified dive centre, surfing lessons, lake kayaking and rice paddy bicycling. The area is popular for snorkelling, stilt fishing and whale watching expeditions.
There is water sports equipment rental.
Vila Europa features free WiFi throughout the property.
The modern bathroom comes with a shower.
Each room here will provide you with a TV.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
At Luxurious Home West Hollywood you will find a hot tub and a garden. Other facilities offered at the property include laundry facilities.
Located in the centre of Rome, Quality in Rome offers classic accommodation with air conditioning. The property is 900 metres from the Trevi Fountain, Roma Termini Station and the Colosseum.
Alushta is 3.5 km from Villa Retro, while Hurzuf is 13 km from the property.
Nearby attractions include Rajwada, Lal Baag Palace, Bada Ganapati and the Central Museum.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Guestrooms at the Coconut Palm Inn features modern amenities such as air-conditioning, microwaves, and mini-refrigerators.
All rooms offer en-suite bathroom and LCD TV sets.
Pigeon Point Lighthouse is 19 miles away.
Set right across the Marina Costa Baja, the hotel enables guests access to play golf in the exclusive Golf Course Costa Baja, a filed designed by Gary Player.
Staff can help arrange a variety of activities, including cross-country skiing, cycling and hiking.
It offers modern rooms, free parking and good links to the A59 motorway.
Technis Theater - Karolos Koun is 900 metres from Artistique Apartment, while Ermou Street-Shopping Area is 1.4 km away.
Holiday home Kranken is located in Tornby Strand.
Alternatively, guests may find plenty of middle eastern restaurants just a 5-minute walk from the property, at Raden Saleh Street.
Featuring air conditioning, Апартаменты море offers pet-friendly accommodation in Adler. Sochi Discovery World Aquarium is 600 metres away.
Hostal Rocamar is within a 5-minute walk of the Convention Centre and Sports Centre.
The rooms are all air conditioned and well equipped with a flat-screen satellite TV, a writing desk and a minibar.
At this hotel guests will find safety deposit box, meeting and banquet facilities.
Nahariya Train Station is 1 km from the hotel.
The Hotel Carlos I Silgar is set in gardens containing an outdoor pool.
The property offers free parking.
The motel is 32 km from downtown Wichita, which offers shopping, dining and entertainment.
Laundry services are available upon request and the Praslin National Park is 5 km away.
Featuring a bath or shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Several shops, cafés and bars are within walking distance.
Guests can go for a massage, or request to have a yoga class.
Mariahilfplatz tram stop is 350 metres away, offering direct connections to Viktualienmarkt and Marienplatz square.
All rooms are air conditioned and feature satellite TV and free WiFi, some have a private balcony.
Rossgarten Gate is 2.6 km from Apartament Na Kurganskoy 3, while Königsberg Cathedral is 3.2 km from the property.
Each room provides a TV at this Alcati guesthouse.
Guests can rest in the seating area or in the dining area.
Each has a private bathroom and a balcony with views of the grounds.
Free WiFi is available in all areas at this property.
Offering convenience with direct access to a shopping mall, 5-star comforts at Royal Mediterranean Hotel comes with elegant rooms located on floors 31-49 with lovely views.
A hot tub is also available in the spa centre for guests to enjoy.
The heated accommodation is decorated in red tones and includes a sofa bed.
Nearby Victoria Rail Station provides excellent access to the Gatwick Express 30-minute service to Gatwick Airport.
The bathroom comes with a shower and a toilet.
Located just 2 km away from Brahma Temple, the resort is also 3 km away from the holy Pushkar Ghat and 150 km away from Jaipur Airport.
Schiphol Airport is 14 km from the property.
The town of Split is at a distance of 13 km.
Cross country ski trails start at the house and sled runs can be found next to the ski lift.
The rooms come with a private bathroom.
Its spacious rooms are decorated with antique furniture.
Guests at the Hill Top Inn Pittsburgh are offered free on-site parking.
The rooms all feature plasma cable TVs, historic furniture and free internet access.
In-room facilities include a satellite TV and en suite bathroom with hairdryer and magnifying mirror.
Open round-the-clock, Kandy View Hotel’s front desk provides car rentals and laundry services.
The nearest airport is Olsztyn-Mazury Regional Airport, 60 km from Aktywna Agroturystyka.
This pet-friendly hotel offers a "clean" guarantee to ensure a wonderful room every time.
Truc Lam Temple and Tuyen Lam Lake are 5 km away.
Apartments come with a fully equipped kitchenette, a dining/seating area with flat-screen TV, and an en suite bathroom.
Beers and wines can be enjoyed on the terrace.
Apartment Strandvejen Fanø III Dnmk is located Fanø Vesterhavsbad.
Luggage storage facilities and safety deposit boxes are provided at the 24-hour front desk.
Masseria La Torre is in the heart of the Salento area, 25 km south of the historic city of Lecce.
Private bathrooms are well-equipped with cold/hot water supply and a hairdryer.
Nearby there is a possibility to go fishing, cycling and enjoy walk on the beach.
This guest house is set on a 400-hectare park, 8.5 km from Entrevennes.
This 4-bedroom villa offers air conditioning and free WiFi.
It is 12 km from Necochea Airport.
The nearest airport is Gelendzhik Airport, 23 km from the property.
The closest restaurant and a grocery store are located 100 metres from Panchev Apartcomplex.
St Andrews Links golf course is a 5-minute drive away and many other gold courses are within a short drive.
A laundry service can be arranged upon request.
Other facilities offered at the property include grocery deliveries, a shared lounge and a ticket service.
Bed linen and towels are included and ironing facilities are available.
Q!
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
For an extra charge, guests have access to a spa area with a gym, sauna, hot tub and steam room.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk, luggage storage and on-site shops.
The property offers free parking.
Enjoying an excellent location in Kowloon, Metropark Hotel Mongkok has been renovated in 2016.
Private parking is available upon surcharge.
Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant.
The area is ideal for hiking, cycling, skiing and horse riding.
The ARCOTEL’s Weissenhof restaurant serves Austrian and Swabian specialities and fine wines.
Hotel reception is open 24/7, and WiFi internet is also free.
Guests can enjoy a range of drinks in the Kleiner Berg’s bar.
Puerto Nirvana Beach Resort is close to attractions such as Bulabod Beach, Sabang Beach and the Hanging Bridge.
The reception works 24 hours a day, provides room service and currency exchange.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
Offering a restaurant, Uppermost Villa is located in Galle and provides a 24-hour front desk for the convenience of the guests.
A varied breakfast buffet is served every morning in the Kunsthaus’s bright breakfast room, which features with antique furnishings.
Free WiFi is provided and free private parking is available on site.
Located 150 meters from the Nitra train and bus stations, the Penzion Premona offers free WiFi and secured parking, as well as a billiards table in the common room.
Hotel Arthur is 40 km from Oita Airport.
It features a private swimming pool and a large terrace offering mountain views.
The rooms and cottages all have views of the garden and a kettle for making hot drinks.
Located in Joinville ́s city centre, Avenida Palace Hotel offers practical rooms with free Wi-Fi. Laundry facilities, meeting rooms and a tour desk are available for guest ́s convenience.
Belorussky Train Station is 2.8 km away, and Sheremetyevo International Airport is a 35-minute express train ride from this station.
Featuring a quiet location 10 km from Giulianova and the Adriatic Sea, Villa Renzo offers free WiFi and modern-style apartments with a patio, terrace or balcony.
Guests can benefit from free private on-site parking and BBQ facilities.
Guests can relax on the sun loungers by the pool or book excursions at the tour desk.
The seashore is 300 metres away.
Each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with free toiletries and a hairdryer. Towels are featured.
Just a 10-minute drive from Hail Airport, Al Meshan Hotel is situated in Hail.
Beijing Capital International Airport is 21 km away.
Classic Wadi Rum Camp is located in the middle of Wadi Rum Natural Reserve, surrounded by desert.
Free public parking is possible at a location nearby.
It offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi and private parking.
Featuring free WiFi, a restaurant and a barbecue, Hotel Lebed offers accommodation in Novy Afon.
They all come with a kitchen or kitchenette, a living area, and 1 or more bedrooms.
Only 80 metres from the property, guests will find a supermarket open 24 hours, plus an Argentinean restaurant may be found within 60 metres.
All accommodation types feature a terrace with garden views and a seating area.
The homestay also offers car hire.
Set in a garden with a shared outdoor pool and barbecue facilities, Different Covamar is located in Salou. The house has 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms, including a spa bath.
Båtsfjord Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
Cultural activities such as weekly poetry groups and art exhibitions are held in the library.
Free private parking is available on site.
The airy rooms are fitted with wooden floors and plasma-screen TVs.
At the Trivento Residence you will find a tennis court, volleyball court, and a football pitch.
Guests enjoy free Wi-Fi and free on-site parking.
There is a spacious dining area with an open-plan kitchen including a washing machine and microwave.
The surrounding countryside is ideal for hiking, cycling and skiing.
You can enjoy mountain- and garden views from the comfort of your private villa.
Towels are offered.
Guests can explore the church of Agios Stefanos, built in 1837, or visit the Folk Museum, which hosts a collection of traditional tools and equipment.
The simple, air conditioned apartment offers satellite TV, a kitchen, and a washing machine.
Luggage storage is available for free.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
Guests can enjoy a swim in the garden pool or sit down with a book in the garden.
Massage service is provided on request.
The apartments offer classic décor, air conditioning, seating area with sofa, cable TV and a terrace with sea views.
The bathrooms are private and come with a shower and free toiletries.
Breakfast is served in the rooms daily and there is a shared, well-equipped kitchen at guests’ disposal which also features a dining area comes with a fireplace.
For convenience, 24-hour room service and a tour desk are available.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Other facilities at Holiday Home Eloviy Bereg include a barbecue.
This studio features a balcony, a fully equipped kitchen and a complete bathroom.
The house can accommodate up to six persons.
Each has a seating area with satellite TV and sofa bed.
Featuring a rooftop pool overlooking downtown Cochin, Hotel Abad Plaza offers restful stays with elegant rooms.
Miracle Mile Miami is 5 km from Coral Loft, while Vizcaya Museum is 8 km from the property.
Several hiking and cycling trails start directly on the premises.
L'Attico B&B is located in Santa Maria degli Angeli.
Other facilities include a games room, barbeque facilities and shared lounge.
The restaurant of the lodge serves Namibian dishes prepared with fresh ingredients, some produced by the on-site farm.
An oven, stove and dishwasher can be found in the fully-equipped kitchen.
A business centre, children's playground and meeting/banqueting facilities are available.
Cable TV and a minibar are available.
Valencia has an extensive bus network and there are many stops nearby.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
The Woodfire restaurant serves steak specialities, including dry aged beef.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including skiing, cycling and hiking.
Centrally located in Carbonia, B&B Luna Blu offers a garden, free Wi-Fi in public areas and blue-themed rooms with air conditioning and a balcony.
The Bovec Golf Club is 6 km away from Vodenca Camping.
In this apartment with a balcony guests will find a seating area with a sofa and cable TV. A fully equipped kitchen includes a dining area.
Restaurants, shops and bars can be found in Inca, 2 km away.
The hotel is a 10-minute drive from Taipei 101 and Rao He Street Night Market. Nankang Train Station is also a 10-minute drive away.
For children there is a playground with a swing and a sandpit.
There is also a bar where you can enjoy a snack or a drink.
Perfectly located for visits to the Great Barrier Reef, Shanee Luxury House is 10 minutes' drive from Palm Cove.
Free WiFi is provided throughout.
Red Haw State Park is 5 minutes’ drive away.
There is a shared lounge area at the property, which features table tennis, foosball, a projector and a blackboard.
With a furnished terrace, Domaine des Monts du Mâconnais features a fully equipped kitchen with coffee machine, electric kettle and oven.
Guests at the Hampton Inn and Suites East Lansing are provided with everything needed for a pleasant stay, including a 24-hour fitness centre and wireless internet access.
Paphos is 10 km from the property.
Guided tours and excursions can be arranged at the onsite tour desk.
Guests who wish to explore the area may also rent a car.
A sweet and savoury breakfast is served daily in the dining room.
During summer fishing opportunities are available 800 m from the property.
Numerous bars, restaurants as well as supermarkets can be found within 10 minutes’ walk.
From the hotel, it is a 5-minute drive to Al Mujarrah Sea Port and Al Muntaza Corniche.
Pousada Mundial offers accommodation in Maresias.
The hotel offers a shuttle service to Pulkovo Airport, a 40-minute drive away.
This romantic boutique bed and breakfast is located in the Garden District of New Orleans and features lavish decor.
There is also a bar.
The restaurant at Gran Hotel Cascada serves a range of local cuisine using the best seasonal produce.
Guests can dine in the on-site café, or eat out in the cafes and restaurants nearby.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Hostel Merlin offers pet-friendly accommodation in Český Krumlov, 400 metres from Castle Český Krumlov.
A traditional Catalan menu is also available, which is made up of regional mountain dishes.
Orlando’s Column and Onofrio’s Fountain are only some of its numerous historic sights.
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
Hotel erfgoedlogies "de Hooge Stukken" offers accommodation in a former farm in Drenthe, only a 10-minute walk from the village of Eelde.
Bathrooms include a hairdryer.
The accommodation at Trilha do Velho Chico provides a private bathroom, plus a TV, DVD player and minibar.
All rooms of Otel Huzuray enjoy a simple interior.
The bathrooms have a bath or shower, a toilet and come with a hairdryer.
Many restaurants and shops are close by.
Guests can also enjoy a complimentary bottle of mineral water upon arrival.
The private bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer.
It takes 1.5 hours by car to go to Lombok International Airport.
You can enjoy city view from the room.
B&B 123 V Stone is a 15-minute walk from Third Port of Penghu and a 10-minute drive from downtown Magong.
Surrounded by beautiful mountains, Haus Lutea is just 30 metres from ski hire shops and a ski school.
Situated in the town of Poboleda, the camping is 45 km from Tarragona.
Located 1 km from Bodrum town centre, this pet-friendly property is a 10-minute drive away from the nearest beach.
The nearest airport is Sønderborg Airport, 73 km from Holiday home Syrenvej C- 4719.
The air-conditioned Apartamentos Saqura are bright and spacious and are cleaned daily. Each features a comfortable lounge area with sofa bed, fireplace and dining table, while kitchenettes include microwave, fridge and toaster.
All rooms come with a private or shared bathroom. Extras include a hairdryer, slippers and free toiletries.
From May until October, a complimentary continental breakfast is offered in the breakfast lounge.
Other facilities offered at the property include meeting facilities, luggage storage and dry cleaning.
Located only a few steps from the sea, Green Suada Hotel offers an indoor pool, and a spa centre with a sauna and a Turkish bath.
On the property grounds guests will find a swing and sandpit for children's play, garden furniture for relaxing, and a barbecue to prepare meals.
Situated in the Chamkar Mon district in Phnom Penh on Street 113, Tuk Tuk Hostel & Café features free WiFi throughout the property.
Offering a restaurant on site, L-Colesterol is located 750 metres from the village of Carrapateira and a 10-minute walk from the Bordeira Beach.
The hotel has a 24-hour front desk.
Some rooms are fitted with tatami (woven-straw) flooring and Japanese futon bedding.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this self-catering accommodation.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling.
The House of Virgin Mary is 8 km from the hotel.
Free WiFi is available and private parking is available on site.
Guests can relax in the spacious public bath or request for massages at their rooms.
All units feature a kitchen equipped with an oven and fridge.
The Jhandewalan Metro Station and Karol Bagh Shopping Hub are within walking distance from the hotel.
Playa Real Apartment features views of the garden and is 8 km from Paseo Maritimo.
Set a 1-minute walk from the Takaoka Train Station, Manten Hotel Ekimae offers modern rooms in the heart of Takaoka.
The tour desk can provide information and arrange shuttles.
The nearest airport is Naples International Airport, 53 km from Villa Arechi.
The cable car offering panoramic views of the town and sea is 700 m away.
Cooked breakfast options are provided on weekends, as well as a free bottle of wine and locally made chocolates.
Laundry, dry cleaning and ironing services can be offered on request at an extra fee.
Selected rooms have a private bathroom, balcony and TV. Private bathrooms come with a hairdryer and shower amenities.
Multiple indoor and outdoor hot tubs, an outdoor swimming pool and a sauna are available for guest use.
The property features a free public parking.
Located in Pran Buri, Waterside Resort offers an outdoor pool and an on-site restaurant. The property provides free Wi-Fi access in all areas. Free public parking is available on-site.
Country House Our Istria offers free private parking on site.
The bright rooms have private bathrooms and some have views over the pool or garden.
Guests of Panoramagasthof Hohe Brücke can enjoy breakfast as well as typically Austrian specialities, such as venison and homemade pastries, either in the restaurant or on the terrace.
In addition to standard amenities, all guest rooms have voice mail and cable television.
The kitchen is fitted with a stove, rice cooker and various utensils.
Devils Postpile National Monument is 15 miles away.
Chargeable airport transfers are offered.
At La Canonica BeB you will find a terrace, a shared lounge, an ironing service and laundry facilities.
They will provide you with a TV, a private balcony and a seating area.
João Fernandes Beach can be reached within a 10-minute drive.
Rooms have a private bathroom equipped with a bath or shower.
The property can accommodate up to 10 persons.
Guests can relax on the seaside promenade around Lapad Bay, which starts 600 metres away.
Rooms have a classic design with terracotta floors.
Nishi-honganji Temple is a 20-minute walk away.
You can tour Sirince Village or visit the nearby villages.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including windsurfing, snorkelling and canoeing.
A pizzeria can be reached within a 2-minute walk from the holiday home.
Guests can enjoy a fine selection of Thai and international dishes at the restaurant.
A variety of dining options are available within a 3-minute walk from the property.
Each room is air-conditioned and features a balcony with city views.
A varied breakfast is served each morning and includes homemade cakes and cereal, as well as some savoury foods.
Denphill Apartments are approximately 3 km from the famous old city of Rhodes City with all its attractions.
The Sunrise Club Hotel has a 24-hour front desk.
Domaine St-Bernard offers cross-country ski and snowshoe trails 14 km away.
Denia is a 30-minute drive away and Gandia is 22 km away.
It offers comfortable modern rooms with air conditioning, satellite plasma TV and free wireless internet.
Free WiFi access is available in this resort.
It is possible to rent bicycles at the property.
A hot tub can be enjoyed at the Towers Resort.
Apartment Verbier is a 2-room apartment 45 m2 on the 2nd floor, located in Verbier.
The accommodation is fitted with a seating and dining area.
A satellite TV is provided in each air-conditioned guest room at Sands Motel.
Some rooms are air conditioned.
The hotel's La Marinade restaurant serves evening homemade meals upon request.
Free WiFi access is available.
Ishøj Beach is just 1 km away from the hotel, while Copenhagen Central Station is 15 minutes away by train.
It provides 2 dining options and a bar.
In the local area guests have the opportunity to play a round of golf, take country bike rides and try their hand at fishing on Linlithgow Loch.
The small kitchenette has 2 hot plates and an oven.
Guests of the Kitzsteinhorn Appartementhaus can relax in the garden and on the terrace.
Packed lunches are available for a fee, and snacks are available at the restaurant.
Avola is 10 minutes’ drive away, while Catania-Fontanarossa Airport can be reached by car in 1 hour.
Rooms also include tea and coffee-making facilities and upgraded bath amenities.
For your comfort, you will find slippers and free toiletries.
Set in various locations around Berlin’s Schöneberg district, these stylish apartments are within a 5-minute walk of Kleistpark Underground Station.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including hiking, fly-fishing and horseback riding.
Barbecuing facilities are offered in the garden.
Room service is available 24/7.
At Kaštel Rooms you will find a garden and a terrace.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Free Wi-Fi access is available for guests.
Guests sleep on a JOKA mattress and Hefel down blankets and pillows.
At Hotel Centenario you will find a terrace, and restaurants can be found within 300 metres.
It is a 10-minute drive to Dalian Railway Station and a 30-minute drive to Dalian Zhoushuizi International Airport.
Guests will find a 24-hour front desk at this 4-storey property.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
A flat-screen TV is provided.
A free hot breakfast is provided daily.
A fitness centre and 24-hour front desk are available.
Located in the historic centre of this city, Abba Fonseca is a contemporary-style hotel with an old stone façade, providing spacious and cheerful bedrooms.
Other facilities at Economy Apartment in Sunset Beach 2 include a seasonal outdoor pool.
Tanger Outlet Center is 15 minutes’ drive.
Guests can enjoy drinks and coffees at the hotel’s bar featuring an elegant lounge area with comfortable sofas and marble floors.
A flat-screen TV with satellite channels is available.
Located in Chernomorets, 150 metres from the beach, Guest House Desi offers a garden with a children’s playground and barbecue facilities. Free Wi-Fi is provided in the entire building and free public parking is possible on site.
Hotel King Plaza’s rooms are fully air conditioned and fitted with a flat-screen TV, a desk and an electric kettle.
Early and later check-in/check-out by arrangement.
Overlooking the Messinian Bay, Colonides Beach Hotel is favourably located just 100 metres from Colonides Beach and 700 metres from the lovely Peroulia Beach.
The Bosei Wien Hotel's à-la-carte restaurant serves Austrian cuisine, and a glass of wine can be savoured at the cosy Pinto bar (open from 16:00).
Cala Gracio Beach is also just minutes by car.
In addition to skiing, cycling, and hiking, guests can visit Chetola Lake 2 minutes’ drive away.
It takes 20 minutes by taxi to Shanghai Hongqiao Railway Station, Shanghai Hongqiao Airport and Shanghai Railway Station.
Santiago International Airport is 85 km away.
All of the private bathrooms include free toiletries.
All 5 bedrooms are air-conditioned and come with en suite bathrooms.
This 4-star hotel in Weißensee is 6 km from Füssen and 10 km from Neuschwanstein Castle.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
Pula Airport is located at a distance of 8 km.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom. A flat-screen TV is provided.
Private bathrooms come with shower and bathtub facilities.
Restaurants and supermarkets can be found within a short walk from the property.
The Snow White Apartments is a self-catering accommodation located in Kraków, 2.5 km from the Old Town.
Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and comes with a flat-screen TV.
Gasthof Alter Felsenkeller has a lovely riverside terrace and beer garden. Guests can also go hiking or cycling along the River Saale.
This contemporary apartment features free WiFi, a seating area with a flat-screen TV and a terrace with outdoor furniture.
Guests may also exercise at the well-equipped fitness centre or check emails at the business centre.
Local attractions include: Lydford Gorge, Morewellham Quay, Cotele House Launceston, Okehampton Castle, the West Devon Way and major cycle routes.
Featuring a bath, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and slippers.
Guests can prepare meals in the fully equipped stainless steel kitchens, which include an oven, microwave, coffee maker and fridge-freezer.
There is also a 24-hour reception and a free internet point is available in the lobby.
Reception and the spa are located on the first floor, while rooms are on the second floor.
Grocery shopping services are offered.
The rooms at the Rapid City Motel 6 feature cable TV and Wi-Fi. They are furnished with a work desk.
Split Airport is 25 km away and airport transfer services are available on request.
There is a seating area and a kitchen as well as a private bathroom.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation with free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi is available and free private parking is available on site.
A terrace or balcony are featured in certain rooms.
Along with a flat-screen cable TV, each room at Best Western Plus Classic Inn and Suites also provides a coffee machine.
Other amenities include a Nespresso machine and air conditioning.
This air-conditioned apartment has 1 double bedroom, 1 twin bedroom, and a bathroom with a bath, shower, and hairdryer.
Solar do Amanhecer is a 4-star hotel situated across from the Charitas Boat Station, at Niteroi, Rio de Janeiro.
Le Bleu Pourpre has a 24-hour reception and provides free private parking.
Hiking tours can be organised by the owner on request.
Each includes a TV, scenic mountain views and a private bathroom.
Local dining outlets can be found around the property.
Dalaman Airport is 50 km away and airport shuttle services are provided at a surcharge.
Yesterday Hotel is a 10-minute drive from the famous Sunday Market and a 20-minute drive from Arcade Bus Terminal.
Bhojanalay Restaurant serves a variety of vegetarian dishes with Punjabi specialities.
Guests can enjoy hiking, cycling, fishing and even swimming in some areas of the nearby River Cantos.
Zakynthos Town is 15 km away and Dionysios Solomos Airport is 13 km away.
The aparthotel offers free parking.
It offers a terrace and you will find a children's playground on the plot.
The elegant accommodation features stone walls and exposed beams.
Private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
Located in Fatih district, Platinium Residence is 3 km from the historical Sultanahmet area.
Botel Vodnik is 15 km from Prague’s International Airport.
Guests are welcome to use free Wi-Fi throughout the property.
Renoir Museum is 1.4 km away.
They offer a sofa and TV. Bathrooms feature a shower.
Hotel Fu Guo is a 20-minute drive from Dunhuang Airport and the Railway Station.
Guests can enjoy a drink at the bar. There is an à la carte restaurant where special diet menus are available on request.
Its vintage-style rooms offer LCD satellite TV and free Wi-Fi.
Other facilities at Arbat Apartments Admirala Fokina 5 include a fitness centre.
The apartments also comprise a balcony, a well-equipped kitchenette with a coffee machine, and a private bathroom with shower, hairdryer and free toiletries.
The rooms are equipped with a private bathroom.
Offering an outdoor swimming pool and a furnished terrace, Ocean Terrace offers free Wi-Fi access throughout and a garden.
Free private parking can be found on site.
Lake Shore Boulevard is 1 km from this property.
Picturesque Assisi is reachable by car in around 35 minutes.
Featuring free Wi-Fi in all areas, B&B Le Tezze is located in Silea, a 10-minute drive from Treviso.
A grocery shop is located in the centre of Malinska.
The 24-hour front desk can help with luggage storage and tour guidance.
You will find shops and grocery stores around 50 metres away.
Only 5 km from the guest house, the A8 motorway runs north to Munich.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes, slippers and free toiletries.
Free on-site parking is available.
They come with a seating area, dining table, and a kitchenette with a microwave, stove, refrigerator and utensils.
A tour desk can also assist with travel arrangements.
Bedrooms have pleasant furnishings and en-suite bathrooms with a bath or shower and the fully equipped kitchen comes with a dining area.
At Holiday home Lærkemose Sydals Denm there are barbecue facilities and a terrace with furniture.
Creative international cuisine is served in the restaurant, and various bars in the hotel invite you to unwind after a rewarding day.
Smith Villas Ranikhet also includes a terrace.
This recently renovated villa includes 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and a fully equipped kitchen.
The property is a 7-minute walk from the beachfront.
Every room at Haus Neuleitn comprises satellite TV and a seating area.
Esquire Motel is 2 miles from Sunnyside Mall and 5 miles from Ashburn Golf Club.
The en suite bathroom includes a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Villini Train Station is 750 metres from the BuongiornoPigneto.
Built in 2011, Haus Colosseo offers a luxuriously furnished apartment in a quiet location a 3-minute walk from Sunnegga Ski Area and a 10-minute walk from Zermatt Train Station.
Each apartment offers a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Skiathos Airport is 2 km away.
A sauna (available free of charge from 17:00 to 22:00) and many spa treatments can be enjoyed in the hotel's cellar.
Your free breakfast includes bacon, eggs, cereals, toast, homemade jams and muffins, juice, tea and coffee.
The surrounding area also offers a restaurant and ski facilities.
Parking nearby is available.
Cala Gonone is approximately a 1-hour drive away.
The living room has a satellite TV and a DVD player.
The private bathroom is equipped with free toiletries, along with a walk-in shower.
The property is 7.1 km from Odessa Train Station and 7.1 km from Spartak Stadium.
Porto Seguro Airport and bus station are 50 km away.
Located 500 metres from Mogren Beach, Sea Star Apartment offers pet-friendly accommodation in Budva.
Cardiff Airport is 82 km away.
A hairdryer and slippers are included.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation with a furnished terrace or a balcony and free Wi-Fi access.
Pusynas Hotel & SPA Druskininkai is located in the centre of Druskininkai, 200 metres from the Lake Druskonis and the Druskininkai Aquapark.
A range of activities are offered in the area, such as fishing, canoeing and hiking.
With views of the city and free Wi-Fi, the air-conditioned apartments come with a seating area with a sofa and an LCD TV.
Genk is an 18-minute journey by car.
Staff at the tour desk can help with sightseeing and travel arrangements.
Toiletries, a hairdryer and bathrobes stock the bathroom.
You can play table tennis at this resort, and the area is popular for hiking.
A continental breakfast is served daily.
There is a golf course within 3 km.
A rich and full buffet awaits guests for breakfast each morning in the restaurant.
Pousada Pouso Alto is 17 km from Pico do Rachado Mountain and 400 metres from Igreja Matriz Nossa Senhora da Conceição.
Hotel Naval is located in Bandung, a 5-minute walk from Paris Van Java shopping mall.
The air-conditioned rooms feature a flat-screen TV with cable channels, a wardrobe and a personal safe.
A fitness centre is available for guests to exercise.
Krk is known for its numerous wild beaches that can be found at every step.
The accommodation is provided with satellite-TV, a radio, a DVD player, a seating area and a dining table.
In the evenings guests can relax with a drink at the various bars.
This family-friendly guest house offers free parking and free Wi-Fi in its public areas.
La Duquesa Golf and Country Club is a 5-minute drive away.
Each room at Hotel Antigua Estación Granada offers a garden view, flat-screen TV, washing machine and outdoor furniture.
The city center of Ebeltoft is in 5 km and Aarhus Airport is located 11 km from the property.
Room service is available.
This 17th century building has a garden and scenic surroundings.
Enjoy spacious self-catering apartments in the centre of Florence at Palazzo Aria Della Ripa, an historic 19th-century building with a small rooftop terrace overlooking the Ponte Vecchio and Arno River.
Da Nang International Airport is conveniently 12 km from the property.
The Old Town Hall with Orloj Astronomical Clock is at the distance of 1 km, and Wenceslas Square is 1.1 km away.
Free parking space is available on site.
Ski equipment can be hired on site, and parking is available free of charge at Châlet Beau-Site.
Luggage storage and laundry services are offered.
Free Wi-Fi is provided throughout the motel and free coffee is offered in lobby.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with free toiletries and towels.
Water sports facilities are provided.
Each air-conditioned apartment has a living room with a flat-screen satellite TV.
Guests can dine in the hotel’s restaurant, and room service or breakfasts in the room are provided upon request.
All rooms are air-conditioned and feature a TV with satellite channels, a mosquito net and a private bathroom with a shower.
Room service is available 24 hours a day.
A microwave, a toaster and a fridge can be found in the kitchenette.
Each room was uniquely decorated by an artist.
Parking is free.
Free WiFi is offered and free private parking is available on site.
The kitchen is fully equipped and includes a dining table, plus all the necessary utensils to prepare meals, which can be enjoyed indoors and outdoors.
The Q is a 20-minute drive from New Delhi Railway Station and a 30-minute drive from the Golden Temple.
Located 800 metres from Castel Nuovo Maschio Angioino Castle, the Culture Centro Storico features its own art gallery and a sushi restaurant. It offers free Wi-Fi and elegant modern rooms with satin sheets and a marble bathroom.
Located in Gueudecourt, Le Clos du Clocher is set in a renovated farmhouse and offers B&B accommodation.
Old Celje Castle can be reached in 4 km, while the Šmartinsko Lake is 8 km away.
WiFi is free in public areas.
NK City Shopping Centre and Radosty Entertainment Centre are just a minute’s walk from the hotel. Platinum Marina Sports Complex is a 10-minute walk away.
Located 9 km from Fidenza Station, Tenuta Rivalazzo is a farmhouse in the Emilia countryside.
Towels are featured.
A 24-hour reception is available at the Statesboro Deluxe Inn. The property offers free parking.
A shuttle bus and babysitting service are available at an extra cost.
Guests also have access to a shared lounge.
The Edita Restaurant serves traditional and international dishes.
The bar includes a lounge area.
The Botanic Gardens are located 600 metres from this hotel and Notre Dame Cathedral is a 10-minute walk away.
The villa is air conditioned and has a living room with a TV. There is a full kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
The bathroom comes with an toilet and shower.
The central location of Gothic Suites Bcn makes it easy to explore the city centre on foot.
It offers simple rooms with free Wi-Fi, a TV and a shared bathroom.
Guests can use the outdoor fireplace with barbecue area in the garden.
Guests can find a restaurant at 100 metres and a mini market at 300 metres from Tinos Koralli. The property is located 800 metres from the main town of Tinos and 1 km from Tinos Port.
It is also a 10-minute walk from the Former Hokkaido Government Office Building.
It is 15 km from Szkarska Poręba and 10 km from Jelenia Góra. The Sosnówka Reservoir is within 2 km. The Chojnik Castle is within 5 km.
Guests can try activities like zip lining and cable car rides, which lets them enjoy the natural scenery.
At arrival, guests receive a complimentary bottle of mineral water.
The Beale Air Force Base is within a 30-minute drive of this Econo Lodge.
In the private bathroom a bath or shower are available.
The private bathroom also comes with a shower.
Bed linen is available.
The fully equipped kitchen includes a dishwasher, coffee machine and oven.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
All rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV and an electric kettle.
All bright rooms come with a TV and balcony.
The airport of Alexandria is only 14 km away.
Parking is free.
Located 800 metres from the popular beach of Bačvice, Feeling Cozy Apartment Split offers pet-friendly accommodation in the Firule neighbourhood of Split.
The property offers free parking.
The rooms feature wooden floors, garden views, and a fan.
In addition, free private parking is available.
There are shops, bars and restaurants within 2 minutes’ walk of Apartamentos Playa.
Travel and sightseeing arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Ataturk International Airport is 30 km away.
Downtown Villa La Angostura is 5 km away.
Breakfast is a sweet and savoury buffet, while the restaurant serves local specialities from Puglia and classic Italian cuisine.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
The hotel offers guest rooms with free WiFi access.
You can play billiards at the property, and car hire is available.
Towels are provided.
Indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a sauna and a gym can be reached within a 5-minute walk and the Sněžka Ski Area is reachable in a 20-minute drive.
Featuring free WiFi and a restaurant, Mini Hotel Dejavu on Gagarina offers pet-friendly accommodation in Lyubertsy.
The apartment features a fully equipped kitchen and separate living room with dining area.
Holmwood House features a comfortable sitting room with an open fire.
It offers air-conditioned accommodation and free parking.
Quietly located in south-east Munich, it is a 15-minute drive to the Neue Messe München Exhibition Centre.
A ski storage room with a ski boot dryer is offered.
Port Macquarie Airport is a 10-minute drive away.
The on-site Great American Grill Restaurant features traditional American cuisine for all meals.
The property offers free parking.
It offers apartments with a furnished balcony and free Wi-Fi access.
A bread delivery service is available upon request.
It is closed on Sunday evening.
Takasaka Apple Inn is a 5-minute drive from Nozawa Onsen Ski Resort and a 10-minute drive from Nozawa Ski Museum.
They are equipped with a TV and private bathroom.
Featuring a shower, the private bathrooms come with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
There is also a kitchen in some of the units, equipped with an oven and stovetop.
Guests have access to a barbecue area and younger guests can enjoy a children's' playground.
A grocery shop can be found 50 metres away.
The front office desk is open 24 hours a day, A supermarket and a choice of restaurants are just 50 metres from the Charn.
Samarkand Airport is a 15-minute drive from Hotel Bahor and transfers can be organised on request.
There is a full kitchen with a microwave and an oven.
Some rooms come with flat-screen TV.
Free WiFi access is available.
The nearest airport is Kingsford Smith Airport, 7 km from the property.
A computer is available in the lobby for guest use.
The private bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Studios in Best View Cascais also includes a sun terrace.
This accommodation is set in an idyllic rural location in Wittmund.
A range of shops, bars and restaurants can be found in the surrounding area and along the nearby Royal Mile.
Breakfast can be enjoyed at the dining room.
Offering a barbecue and terrace, Zelenaya Gorka is set in Sochi in the Krasnodar Krai Region, 15 km from Rivyera Park.
It features modern rooms with free wired internet and a flat-screen TV.
Some even have a bath with a jacuzzi function.
It consists of sweet food, including croissants, jams and hot drinks.
It offers spacious, bright guest rooms, as well as free WiFi and free private parking.
Restaurants serving a selection of Thai and international dishes as well as convenience stores can be found within a short walk from the property.
Every private bathroom comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
There is an additional bathroom.
Praia Serena is 3 km from the bus station.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 26 km from the property.
The private bathroom is equipped with a shower.
The private bathrooms come with a spa bath, hairdryer and free toiletries.
The inn also offers ski equipment hire.
Baby equipment and toys are provided.
An on-site currency exchange and barbecue facilities are available for guests.
The apartments have a private bathroom with an hairdryer and free toiletries.
There is also a dining area outdoors.
This family-run hotel and spa offers free parking and free Wi-Fi in all rooms. It is a 7-minute walk from Bad Wörishofen Train Station and the town's spa gardens.
It features free Wi-Fi access, free on-site parking and spacious guest rooms.
Guests can relax in the sauna and steam room at Spa Naturel, which also features an ice fountain.
Alternative you can take 30 minutes' drive journey from Beijing Nanyuan Airport.
Daily breakfast is served as an open buffet at Hotel Harmoni. You can enjoy your breakfast in the courtyard with banana trees.
Gelendzhik Airport is 48 km from the property.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Mahima serves Indian and Regional cuisine.
Flat-screen TV and tea/coffee maker are also provided.
Lorenzo Residence provides free parking and is well connected to the A1 motorway by the SS675 national road.
Daily breakfast is offered with locally produced ingredients, homemade jams, dried fruits and grape molasses.
Guests can enjoy various activities in the surroundings, including fishing and hiking.
Every suite at the Carmel Valley Ranch includes a fireplace and free Wi-Fi.
Free WiFi access is available in all public areas and some of the rooms.
Dar Al Tawhid InterContinental Makkah has 3 restaurants for guests to choose from, serving a wide range of international cuisine, as well as many Middle Eastern specialities with the magnificent view of the Holy Masjid Al-Haram.
Set in Nicolosi in the Sicily Region, 16 km from Etna, B&B Etna Akmè boasts water sports facilities and ski storage space.
Ancient Fort of Mont Boron is 2.2 km from Nice Center Balcony Tram Beach, while Allianz Riviera Stadium is 7 km from the property.
Guests can find a supermarket, convenient store and lots of dining options nearby.
Our hotel is tastefully furnished and ideal for both business and private travellers.
Rooms are equipped with a private bathroom with a bidet and shower, with free toiletries and a hair dryer provided.
Army Historic Museum and Fort of Copacabana is 1.1 km from Apartamento Leão Villela, while Post 7 - Arpoador is 1.3 km from the property.
Play billiards at the Side Car Piano Lounge, or host an event in the on-site meeting and banquet facilities.
Located in Rathsamhausen, this hotel is set in a half-timbered house, 4 km from Sélestat.
The property offers free parking.
Placed in the heart of Seoul just 5 km from the popular Itaewon shopping street, Hotel Maui welcomes guests with well-appointed guestrooms, complimentary breakfast spreads and free WiFi access.
The rooms are neatly decorated and fitted with private bathrooms.
The living area has a sofa bed and satellite TV.
Seahouse Afrodita is a family-run hotel on Bulgaria's Black Sea coast, between the cities of Nessebar and Ravda, directly on the sandy beach.
Featuring a private bathroom with a rainshower and hairdryer, air-conditioned rooms offer satellite TV and a personal safe. Tea/coffee making facilities and a minibar are included.
Other facilities like drinks vending machines are offered. The property offers free parking.
Un Jardin en Ville also offers a suite with a balcony.
The nearest airport is Ufa International Airport, 8 km from the property.
Located 2.3 km from Western Wall in Jerusalem, this apartment features free WiFi. The air-conditioned unit is 2.5 km from Dome of the Rock.
San Francisco International Airport is 24 km away.
Enjoy a cup of coffee or tea from your terrace or balcony.
The property provides you with free bikes and the surrounding woodland and waterways provide an ideal setting for walking and cycling.
The nearest airport is Zvartnots International Airport, 12 km from the property.
Breakfast is served every morning.
At Aditi Comforts you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace. The property offers free parking.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The property has free private parking.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are provided.
It also features ski equipment rental.
Offering free WiFi and a garden, Samfi Gardens is situated in Soufrière.
Boutique Hotel Bellevue features spacious rooms decorated with contemporary interiors.
Other facilities offered include a shared lounge, a tour desk and an ironing service.
Guests can explore the vibrant Old Town of Hvar and visit sights such as the Cathedral, the Franciscan Monastery and the Fortress.
All have views of the garden, pool, or Red Sea.
It is 20 km from the nearest ferry, 1 km from the town’s bus station and just a 15-minute walk from the town centre.
Located in Pühajõe in the Ida-Virumaa Region, 1.7 km from Toila, Pühajõe Holiday Park boasts an outdoor pool and barbecue.
Basilique Cathedrale Notre Dame de Quebec and Fairmont Le Chateau Frontenac are both 800 metres away from the property.
These spacious and modern apartments are located in the centre of Munich, 300 metres from Munich Main Station and 2 minutes from the Oktoberfest.
The nearest bus station is just a 2-minute walk from the pension.
Norda Apartamenty Gdańsk Stare Miasto apartments are stylishly decorated. Guests can benefit from a seating area with a flat-screen TV or enjoy their meals at the dining table.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
Leon’s Cathedral and the Main Square are 5 minutes’ walk from Motel Plaza Aleman.
A private bathroom, a satellite TV and a seating area are further features of each apartment.
Thai and Laos dishes can be enjoyed during breakfast and lunch hours.
A bar, restaurant serving local and international dishes and a grocery shop are 100 metres away.
The property features bright, simply decorated rooms.
The apartments are equipped with satellite TV, a washing machine and central heating.
Guests can park for free on site.
Some rooms have a seating area and balcony.
Garmisch-Partenkirchen Train Station is an 8-minute walk from the H+ Hotel Alpina Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
Laundry, baggage storage and taxi services can be arranged. On prior request, excursions and customised tours can be organised.
Private bathroom also comes with a shower.
The lobby bar serves international cocktails and fresh local beers from 10:00 until 01:00 daily, and the beer garden is open in summer.
Cannes Court Apartments Surfers Paradise is 5 minutes’ drive from both Broadbeach Mall and Jupiters Casino.
Surf Golf & Beach Club is 900 metres from the property, Bird Island Reserve is 18 minutes' drive away from the North Myrtle Beach resort, and Broadway at the Beach is 26 minutes' drive away.
At the end of a busy day, sleep peacefully in the comfort of your air-conditioned and soundproofed room before getting ready to continue your adventures in Luxor.
For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The accommodation will provide you with a balcony and a seating area.
You can unwind on the property's terrace which is covered with vine and overlooks the sea.
Rooms here will provide you with a flat-screen TV with DVD player along with a wide range of DVD collection, air conditioning and an iPod dock.
Located a 2-minute walk from the beach and 500 metres from the centre of Grado, Hotel Ville Bianchi offers air-conditioned rooms with free WiFi.
The property offers free parking on site.
The sandy Bačvice Beach can be accessed within 750 metres.
All rooms come with a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find bathrobes, slippers and a hairdryer.
All rooms at Hotel Vir feature a TV, a minibar and a bathroom with shower. They also offer balconies that overlook the lake.
A sandy beach can be reached in 3 km, while a pebbly beach is at a distance of 1 km.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
Various restaurants line the shore of the lake.
The apartment has 1 twin and 2 double bedrooms, as well as a bathroom with a bath.
Tuzla International Airport is 33 km from Wellness Centar Ahemdic Motel.
Vending machines are also available.
Featuring an on-site restaurant and fitness centre, Eurostars Andorra Centre is located in the centre of Andorra la Vella.
Located 1.5 km from Kirov central square, Teatralnaya Ploshchad, this hotel features free Wi-Fi and rooms with a balcony. The City Centre Shopping Mall is 400 metres away.
A bath and a hairdryer are provided in the bathroom.
There is a seating and/or dining area in some units.
Bathroom facilities include a hairdryer and free toiletries.
There is a full kitchen with a refrigerator and kitchenware.
In Ballyferriter, Western View B&B is around 12km west of Dingle town on Ireland’s western coast.
Nevsky Prospekt and Gostiny Dvor Metro Stations are a 5-minute walk from the property.
Scarpone Albergo serves a buffet breakfast each morning that includes homemade cakes.
This 3-star hotel offers a restaurant and bar, a 3-minute walk from Cesenatico beach.
At Aurland Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a mini-market.
Sheremetyevo Airport is 27 km away.
Surrounded by the forest in Zalakaros and just an 18-minute walk from the thermal baths, Mokus Vendeghaz is a guesthouse featuring free WiFi and a garden with barbecue facilities.
Guests can enjoy a rich buffet breakfast in the Pronto bistro or Mediterranean specialities in the Paparazzi restaurant.
The clean air-conditioned accommodation will provide you with a desk and a seating area.
You can sample fresh local ingredients, accompanied by delicate Beaujolais or a hearty Cote-du-Rhone wines.
The property offers free parking.
Other facilities offered at the property include a games room and a children's playground.
There is an open-plan kitchenette with a microwave, coffee machine and oven.
Facilities include an outdoor pool with panoramic ocean views, free WiFi, diving and snorkeling classes.
Offering free WiFi and a seasonal outdoor pool, Agronavt is located in Bryzgalovo.
A free breakfast with eggs, fruit salad, coffee, tea and chocolate is served daily.
Elegant, air-conditioned apartment at Rome and More include a seating area with sofa and flat-screen TV. The well-equipped kitchenette features a stove and oven.
A buffet breakfast is offered daily.
Guests can enjoy their breakfast at the restaurant which specialises in the European cuisine.
GT Amadeus 15 Studio is 1.2 km from Action AquaPark and 2.1 km from Cacao Beach.
The tour desk can assist with local excursions and travel plans.
An outdoor swimming pool surrounded by garden can be enjoyed in this fully furnished bungalow 7 km off downtown Tandil.
Cross-country skiing trails start right on the doorstep.
There is a private bathroom with a hairdryer in each unit.
Each guestroom includes a flat-screen TV, a microwave and a fridge.
The private bathroom has a shower and a hairdryer.
Each room has either a dining or seating area, a safety deposit box, and tea/coffee making facilities.
The private bathroom is complete with a shower.
Meals can be enjoyed in the dining area and shops and restaurants are found within 100 metres of the apartment.
Offering an outdoor pool, Mountain Top Cottages is located 7 km away from Annapolis Royal.
Andrew's Basilica Arthunkal, Marari Arattukulam Haven features a children's playground and views of the garden.
The hotel is just 700 metres to Parkson Department Store and 4.8 km to the Reunification Palace.
Naples International Airport is 38 km away.
Übernachten bei Freunden features a spacious living room with a fully equipped kitchenette and floor-to-ceiling windows.
Pattaya Town is 5 km away.
Some rooms feature a bathtub.
At L'Hôtel d'Aiguilles, a free shuttle service is available and can take you to Abriès, Molines Saint Véran, Arvieux and Ceillac Ski Resorts.
It offers a restaurant, panoramic sun terrace and air-conditioned rooms with free Wi-Fi.
Zinon is a holiday home with a garden, set in Kato Pyrgos, 10 km from Vouni Palace.
With quality furniture of classic designs, each room at V-Continent Beijing Parkview Wuzhou is equipped with a cable TV, an in-room safe and a minibar. Carpeted flooring, floor-to-ceiling windows and artworks hanging on the walls add classy, elegant touches.
Parking is possible for a surcharge.
The Sheraton Suites San Diego is ideally situated only steps away from major points of interest.
Duty Free Shop is 5 km from the property.
It features express check-in/check-out, an on-site restaurant and a shared lounge.
The popular Cihampelas shopping area, where many factory outlets are located, is also a 30-minute drive away.
Pondok Sunari Ubud is set in Ubud, 400 metres from Ubud Market and Ubud Palace.
Hotel Baji Gau is located in central Makassar, a 5-minute drive from Mall Ratu Indah.
Certain units include a seating area where you can relax.
The hotel features 24-hour desk and laundry services. Free parking is provided.
Eureka Palace features modern, en-suite rooms with an LCD satellite TV.
You can engage in various activities, such as horse riding and hiking.
Guests can choose a book too read from the small library and relax in the main lounge in front of the fireplace.
Located in Qiaoxi District, Hebei China Hotel is within a 10-minute walk of Hebei Provincial Government Office.
Ios Town is within 2 km.
Free private parking is available on site.
Excursions to the nearby hot springs can be arranged for a fee.
Pacific Design Center is 5 minutes’ drive away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Kalkan Bus Station is 300 metres from Villa Leo, while Kalkan Yacht Marine is 600 metres from the property.
The hotel is 800 metres from Harishchandra Ghat and Kedar Ghat.
The nearest airport is Tivat Airport, 16 km from Apartments Old Town.
Free public parking is provided nearby.
Hotel am Bernsteinsee is situated in the southern Lüneburg Heath, between Wolfsburg and Hanover.
A dishwasher, an oven and a toaster can be found in the kitchen and there is a private bathroom.
The Old Town is a 15-minute walk away.
For your comfort, you will find bathrobes and slippers.
Padova is 41 km from Gebetsroither - Camping Atlanta, while Abano Terme is 44 km from the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bidet.
Overlooking Galway and its beaches, the White House is 1.5 miles from the city centre.
The hotel has many à la carte and buffet restaurants that serve traditional and international cuisine and seafood.
Parking is free and Verona's Villafranca Airport is around 20 minutes away by car.
Rooms have polished wooden floors and rustic furniture.
Each of the rooms at Palmyra Hotel is appointed with wooden furnishings and rich fabrics.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
Volta Apartments Jõe is a self-catering accommodation located in Tallinn, 500 metres from Tallinn Ferry Terminal D. Free WiFi access is available.
Just 200 metres from the sandy beach, Hotel Francoise offers an outdoor pool with deck loungers and umbrellas, and a spa with hammam and hot tub.
They include a fully equipped kitchen and washing machine.
Enjoy an alfresco meal on the patio complete with an outdoor dining area and BBQ facilities.
Packed lunches and breakfasts in the room are provided upon request.
You will find a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Each apartment has a private bathroom with shower.
Located just a 20-minute walk from the woods, the peaceful rooms at the La Casa Velingrad are air-conditioned and come equipped with a balcony, a flat-screen TV, a DVD player and a minibar.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
You can drive to Cudillero and the coast in around 20 minutes.
Towels and bed linen are available in this apartment.
Apartments 4 seasons offers accommodation in Ohrid. Ancient Theatre of Ohrid is 1.2 km away.
Located in Althüttendorf, 27 km from Templin, Zimmervermietung Preuß boasts a sun terrace and views of the lake.
Honda Bay is 6.8 km from Ezy Stay Pension, while Balinsasayaw Restaurant - Rizal is 2.6 km away.
On-site parking is free.
Each room is simply decorated and is equipped with a TV.
Charles de Gaulle Airport is 25 km from the hotel.
Towels are provided.
Meals may be prepared in the equipped kitchenette.
Air-conditioned rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV, safe, fridge and en suite bathroom with shower facilities.
Phuket International Airport is about 25 km from the hotel.
The hotel also offers secure storage for bikes and motorbikes.
Both bedrooms have double beds in them.
Breakfast is buffet style and is served out on the terrace with panoramic sea view.
There is a private bathroom with a bath or shower in every unit.
A supermarket is 200 metres away.
Other facilities at The Nest House include a sun terrace.
Free WiFi is available .
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Capital City Mall is 5.1 km and Hershey's Chocolate World® is 25.7 km away.
Trains are also available to major cities including Genoa, Pisa and Parma.
Guests can also prepare their own meals in the kitchen.
Coffees, drinks and light meals can also be enjoyed at the on-site bar throughout the day.
There is free entry to the water park and pool. The property also offers free parking on site.
Furthermore, you can keep connected to your dear ones using the free internet access in all areas.
Guests can cook their meals in the shared fully equipped kitchen.
Each tent has a futon mat, bed linens and pillows.
Holiday home Helledievej Løkken VI is located in Løkken on 800 meter from the sea.
All the rooms come with a flat-screen cable TV and an en suite bathroom.
A welcome gift of honey cake and regional fruits are offered to guests upon arrival.
This hotel is minutes from area attractions like the Clear Fork Ski Resort, Malabar Farm State Park, Mansfield Motorsports Speedway and the Mohican State Park.
The location of the property is favourable, situated just 500 metres from the Croisette Boulevard and the old port, and 800 metres from the beach.
Guests can also enjoy a long and scenic walk through the mountains in the warmer seasons.
Taoyuan International Airport is a 50-minute bus ride away.
The Main Bus Station and the Ferry Port with lines to Dugi Otok and Ugljan are both 5.5 km away.
Guests can taste local specialities at the several cafes and restaurants in the immediate surroundings.
All air-conditioned rooms at Ios Fantasy come with air conditioning, a terrace and fridge.
You can reach Plaza Catalunya and La Rambla in 10 minutes by bus or Metro, and Sants Estació Metro Station is 250 metres away.
Holiday home Hejsager Strandby I is located in Kelstrup Strand.
Each private bathroom is fitted with a shower and hairdryer.
Free WiFi and free breakfast are available.
Rouen Train Station is also a 10-minute drive from the hotel.
The air-conditioned rooms have a patio with countryside views.
The rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV.
The property also features a sauna and a steam bath.
Guarulhos Airport is 84 km away.
The nearest airport is Odessa International Airport, 7 km from the property.
Herald Square Apartment is accessible only by stairway.
Staff at front desk will help with luggage storage and ticketing service.
At Beer Friends Hostel you will find a 24-hour front desk, a bar and a mini-market.
Conveniently situated on the Palmetto Expressway amid lush gardens, the Courtyard Miami Lakes features an outdoor pool. Its restaurant serves snacks, fresh sandwiches and beverages.
Samujana Five Bedroom Pool Villa (Villa 14) is situated 1.4 km from Jungle Minigolf Park and 2.5 km from Bang Rak Pier.
Each room and bed comes with towels and linen included.
Newspapers are available.
Bed linen is offered.
Facilities offered at the property include a tour desk, luggage storage and shops (on site).
With air conditioning, each accommodation is equipped with a TV and private bathroom with shower and free toiletries.
Quietly located 300 metres from the centre of Litoměřice, Hotel Dejmalík features free Wi-Fi, an on-site restaurant with local and national specialities, and a cafe serving homemade pastry.
Guests can enjoy local cuisine from Veneto at the on-site restaurant.
Free of charge, snow-shoe hikes are offered twice a week by the hotel.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including fishing.
A typical Italian breakfast is served daily in the breakfast room.
Various restaurants can be found in the vicinity of AS Hotel.
The daily breakfast includes a pastry and coffee, and is served at a café nearby.
Guests staying at the CREO Pension are welcome to use the fully equipped kitchen with seating area.
Fossano is a 20-minute drive from the property. Cuneo is 42 km away.
The city of Volos is 45 km away.
It offers free WiFi access.
Chey Homestay offers simple and affordable accommodation in Siem Reap only 5 km away from Siem Reap - Angkor International Airport.
Hotel Condor is directly on the ski slopes of the Sellaronda ski resort, in Selva di Val Gardena, surrounded by the Alps.
Some units include a dining area and/or balcony.
Some of the rooms have garden views.
Korean and international restaurants are within a 10-minute walk from the guesthouse.
Offering free Wi-Fi access, Russian Hostel is located just a minute’s walk from Tsim Sha Tsui Station and the shopping, dining and entertainment options surrounding it.
Recife / Guararapes-Gilberto Freyre International Airport is located 49 km away.
Other facilities include a flat-screen, satellite TV, CD player and hairdryer.
Ramada Plaza Pudong Shanghai is a 20-minute walk from Jin Qiao Road Metro Station (Line 6). It is a 15-minute drive from Lujiazui Business District.
Kamares Port is 1 km away from Aglaia Studios, while the scenic Apollonia is at 5 km.
Ski storage and private parking are free.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
The STK offers traditional steakhouse fare, including wood-fired beef, seafood selections, and vegetarian dishes, served to the sounds of an on-site DJ.
Yellow Crane Tower and Hubu Xiang are a 30-minute drive away.
The famous Salvador Dalí Museum and the Toy Museum of Catalunya can both be found within 400 metres.
All rooms comprise satellite TV, a fridge, traditional Dalmatian stone walls and hardwood floors.
The 2 pools are surrounded by stone-paved terraces with sun beds offering panoramic views over the Aegean Sea.
You can start your day with a sweet and savoury breakfast at Villa della Fonte.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
This self-catering accommodation features free WiFi throughout.
All rooms offer air conditioning and free Wi-Fi.
It offers free Wi-Fi and brightly coloured accommodation set in the converted classrooms of a former school.
Guests can cook in the fully equipped kitchen, room service and grocery delivery are provided upon request.
Located a 15-minute walk of the private Black Sea beach in Sochi, Zvyozdny Hotel features a seasonal outdoor heated pool.
Hiking is popular in the surrounding countryside.
Arenal Volcano National Park is at a distance of 8.1 km Juan Santamaría International Airport is within a 2 hour and 30 minutes' drive.
Only a short distance from beautiful California beaches and directly across from an executive golf course, this Goleta motel provides easy access to area attractions, comfortable accommodations and modern amenities.
Bedrooms at the Emporium Hotel are bright and comfortable.
You can enjoy a sweet, Italian-style breakfast daily at Solchiaro Resort.
All air-conditioned rooms at this hotel feature modern décor and come with flat-screen TV, telephone and a private bathroom.
The Main Bus Station is 3.3 km away. The historic town of Pula, featuring its famous amphitheatre and Pula International Airport, can be reached in 32 km.
All rooms have special pocket-spring mattresses for guest’s comfort.
The nearest airport is Simferopol Airport, 39 km from Hostel Koleso.
The hotel is located in a green residential area near the beautiful Public Park Villa Tacconi and close to the town centre.
Guests who drive can enjoy free parking.
Free WiFi is offered .
Located on 3 acres, this Whitehorse B & B features an outdoor hot tub and a BBQ.
A full English breakfast is served every morning in the elegant breakfast room.
Hidden Cove Eco Retreat also offers board games, a DVD library with DVD player, a flat-screen TV and an iPod docking station.
Free WiFi access is available in this homestay. The rooms feature a private bathroom with a shower.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including windsurfing.
Hangzhou Banmu Fangtang Boutique Inn offers a homestay in Xihu District with only a 5-minute walk from Lingyin Temple.
Toledo Bus Station is 500 metres away.
Housed in a historic building dating back to the 19th century, Syrou Melathron is located in Vaporia, near the Asteria Bay.
The private bathroom comes with a shower.
Situated in the village of Kjøllefjord, Hotel Nordkyn offers free Wi-Fi and guest rooms with a private bathroom with shower.
Other features include tea/coffee making facilities and a TV.
Luís Eduardo Magalhães International Airport is located 40 km away. Salvador city is 50 km from this guest house.
The bright basement room at Gästehaus Carla includes flat-screen satellite TV and an en suite bathroom with a hairdryer.
Cairo International Airport is 90 minutes by car.
The kitchen has a dining table and dishwasher, and a hairdryer is provided.
It features an indoor pool, and spacious rooms with free Wi-Fi and a refrigerator.
Facilities available at the guesthouse include a lounge equipped with newspapers and books on the Brittany region and a fully equipped kitchen for guests wishing to prepare their own meals.
The air-conditioned suites contain a lounge equipped with a DVD player and TV that has satellite channels.
The Goldgrund offers a large breakfast buffet each day.
Private bathrooms also come with a shower.
The lounge has a seating area surrounding the TV with cable channels.
Wi-Fi access is provided free of charge.
Private bathrooms include a bath or shower and hairdryer.
Hotel Shamoni is located 10 km from Togliatti Train Station, and 67 km from Togliatti Airport.
Many rooms feature four poster or sleigh beds and most have views of the surrounding countryside.
Airport transfers, tour excursions and massages can be arranged at the riad and free Wi-Fi is available throughout.
Other facilities offered at the property include luggage storage.
The Wenceslas Square is just three tram stops away, while the Main Railway station is one tram stop from the property.
Fresh breakfast and lunch buffets are available daily.
Located at the national road that links Arlon to Bastogne, the hotel offers great connections to the rest of Belgium.
The rooms at Maison Bossoreil feature a flat-screen TV, an electric kettle, and the private bathrooms are complete with a bath tub.
Located in Tianhe District, Super 8 Hotel Guangzhou Dongput is within a 5-minute drive of Sanxi Metro Station and Dongpu Metro Station (Line 5).
Varna Airport is reachable within 38 km.
NAD'hotel is situated in the Saint Jean Station district in Bordeaux, 1.1 km from Saint-Michel Basilica and 1.3 km from Stone Bridge.
The cosy rooms feature colourful interiors and are fitted with a flat-screen satellite TV.
Each cottage also has an open-plan living room/dining area with a TV and a real open fire.
The centre of Profondeville is 4.2 km from La Fête au Palais.
Most cottages feature a private spa bath.
The Pizol Ski Area is 4 km away, and it is 20 km to Chur.
Set in Bydgoszcz, 500 metres from University hospital, Hotel Homer Bydgoszcz features free WiFi access and free private parking.
Certain rooms include a seating area for your convenience.
Taksim Square is within 1.5 km. Ataturk Airport is 21 km away.
Each room here will provide you with a satellite TV, a fireplace, a desk and a safety deposit box. There is also a coffee machine.
Each air-conditioned room includes a cable TV and an en suite bathroom at Mayo Lodge Roswell. Select rooms feature a kitchenette.
Other facilities at Villa Enchinent 2C include an outdoor pool.
The property is 2.9 km from Palace of Diocletian and 300 metres from Žnjan Beach.
Here the rooms provide you with a cable TV. Some rooms can accommodate 3 guests.
A TV and DVD player, as well as a laptop and a CD player are featured.
The property offers an à la carte breakfast to the guests at the Liberty café, just a few steps from the property.
Hiking along the Österleden trail is possible just outside of the hotel.
The kitchenette is equipped with a microwave and a fridge.
Guests can also take a songthaew taxis, available in front of the property, to travel around Hua Hin city.
For your comfort, you will find bath robes and slippers.
B&B Bonsy Bou is located in Bergamo, 200 metres from the cable car to the upper part of the city.
The nearest airport is Tivat Airport, 4 km from Apartment Stefan in Vidikovac.
A free internet terminal is available in the Schupi’s lobby.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and air conditioning.
The Chalet also provides tour services around the region.
The Bairro Alto Apartments has metro and train stations within a 5-minute walk.
Featuring a free outdoor pool and a furnished garden with sun loungers, Bed & Breakfast La Fontaccia is located in San Gimignano. It offers free Wi-Fi in public areas and accommodation with garden views.
Located just a short walk from the beach in a quiet area of Cala de Bou, Duplex Louisa offers an outdoor swimming pool.
There is a shared kitchen at the property.
A vending machine with cold drinks is available 24 hours a day.
Hotel Graf Pückler is a 10-minute walk from the Volkspark Humboldthain, where you will find an open-air swimming pool, a rose garden and children's playgrounds.
Rooms at Holiday Inn Express Middletown/Newport have free Wi-Fi and cable TV.
All rooms at Hôtel Restaurant Ilienkopf feature wooden floors, a TV and a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
Thamel Kathmandu Apartments have spacious interiors, featuring a cosy dining area and Western bathroom facilities.
There are numerous cafés, bars and restaurants within a 5-minute walk of BS Boarding House.
Vending machines with drinks are available on site.
Each room in Manzhouli Crown Inn is fitted with an electric kettle.
Free WiFi is available in all areas of Hotel Mutz.
Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and luggage storage.
It also features a balcony with a garden view.
Ima Guesthouse and Spa is a 15-minute walk from Banyualit Beach area.
The Mirador Museum is 400 metres away.
Set in a quiet area of this peaceful fishing village, you are just 300 m from the charming beach. Here, refresh yourself with a dip in the Mediterranean and admire lovely views over the bay.
Papeete is 22 km from Villa Miki Miki by Tahiti In Style, while Faaa is 19 km away.
Each is furnished with a spacious balcony with seating area and cable TV.
You can also benefit from the discount from World Windsurf Champion Bora Kozanoglu windsurf school.
The inn also offers ski equipment hire.
The Boi Valley is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is famous for its Romanesque Churches.
The E4111 motorway is 200 metres from the propery.
They are simply decorated in light colours and also have an en suite bathroom.
Activities in the surrounding area include fishing, hiking and diving.
All rooms feature a cable TV and wire internet.
The hotel offers free Wi-Fi in the lobby.
The homestay also offers bike hire and car hire.
The private bathroom comes equipped with a hairdryer.
The resort’s restaurant serves fusion dishes and offers room service.
This property is 1 km from the Amber Museum and 2 km from San Cristóbal’s shopping centre.
The beautiful grounds also feature a Victorian maze and leafy seating areas.
Ski storage and barbecue facilities are available on site. In the evening guests can relax singing karaoke.
The property provides free parking.
Sixiangjia Apartment Hotel Foshan Lecong Fengdu Square is within steps of Lecong International Conference and Exhibition Centre.
Rooms at La Botica de Vejer are traditional, with tiled floors and simple furnishings.
Some rooms include air conditioning, and all of them afford lovely garden views.
All rooms have a private bathroom with bathroom amenities.
Free private parking and bicycle storage are provided on site, and a secure garage is available at an extra cost.
Located in Zaostrog, Guesthouse Villa Paškal is a short walk from the beach and 36 km from Makarska.
Some of the rooms have a balcony with views of the Kitzbüheler Horn and Hahnenkamm mountains.
Regional dishes are served for dinner in the restaurant, which offers panoramic mountain views.
Casa Del Sole is a 15-minute drive from Arona and Stresa.
Metro Porte de Versailles is 300 metres from the Oceania Paris Porte De Versailles allowing guests to explore Paris.
Free WiFi is featured throughout the property.
The restaurant serves a range of cuisines including Thai sea food, Chinese and European.
A free shuttle bus service is provided to Walking Street, Royal Garden Plaza and Central Festival mall.
The main shopping street of Amsterdam is 2.2 km away from Loft Entrepotdok.
Rooms here are provided with a TV, a minibar and a seating area.
You can enjoy garden view from the room.
DVD players and a trouser press can be requested for free.
The nearest tram stop is 400 metres away, while the Railway Station is only 4 tram stops away.
Offering free WiFi access, All-in-One features 2 apartments in the centre of Berlin, close to river Spree. There is a bus stop just 50 metres away from the property.
At Montejo Hotel you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar. Other facilities offered at the property include a tour desk and laundry facilities.
The rooms in Hotel Oriente Plaza feature a minibar and satellite TV.
A breakfast buffet is available each morning in the Jahrhunderthotel Leipzig.
Offering free airport shuttle, Rio Hostel is located in Rio de Janeiro, a 10-minute walk from the famous Copacabana Beach.
The air-conditioned apartments have a full kitchen with a stove, an oven and a full-size fridge.
San Benedetto del Tronto is 36 km from All'Ombra di Tre Giganti III, while Ascoli Piceno is 37 km away.
The area also offers a variety of places of interest.
Dubrovnik old town - Ploce Gate is 1.7 km from Apartment Butterfly, while Onofrio's Fountain is 1.3 km from the property. The nearest airport is Dubrovnik Airport, 17 km from the property.
Free Wi-Fi access is available.
You can enjoy a barbecue in the garden and relax on the sun terrace.
There is also a kitchenette, fitted with an oven.
Hotel Pousada Arambaré is only 2 hours and 30 minutes’ drive from Rio de Janeiro, 2.5 km from Rua das Pedras attraction and the downtown area.
Free parking is provided.
Zakynthos Airport is at 3 km, while the main town and port is 8 km away.
The coastal city of Sines is 14 km away.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, happy colors offers pet-friendly accommodation in K'obulet'i. Free private parking is available on site.
There is a grocery strore in the same building.
Chez Noah Le Vigneron is a self-catering accommodation located in Ribeauvillé. It offers free WiFi access and Ribeauvillé Christmas Market takes place within walking distance of the apartment.
Falling Waters State Park is 7 minutes' drive away from the motel.
Buses to Barcelona Airport leave from Plaza Catalunya, 10 minutes away on foot, and you can reach Passeig de Gracia’s designer shops and Gaudi monuments within 20 minutes.
Towels and bed linen are offered in this apartment.
The kitchen comes with a microwave.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings including skiing and hiking.
A flat-screen TV is offered.
Providing ample privacy and comfort, the villa is complete with a bright living room, air-conditioned bedrooms and a full kitchen.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
In the morning guests can enjoy a buffet breakfast with freshly-brewed coffee.
The National Coffee Park is located just 4.3 km away.
Each of the apartments comes with a balcony, where you can enjoy sunbathing in complete privacy.
Casa Marghe is a detached holiday home located in La Spezia, a 30-minute drive from UNESCO Cinque Terre Natural Park. Free WiFi is available throughout.
The classic-style rooms are air conditioned and have a TV.
The Vienna State Opera and the Ringstraße Boulevard are reachable by metro in 15 minutes.
Access to fax and copy services are available at the front desk for a minimal charge.
Each room has a TV. You will find a kettle in the room.
Guests can eat outside, on their balcony, or at the dining table in the living room.
Free WiFi is offered throughout the property.
Spend an unforgettable holiday in the 4-star Sporthotel Manni in Mayrhofen in the Ziller Valley, offering ideal conditions for active vacations in every season.
Restaurant CRU is located on the ground floor and has a great view on one of the busiest streets of the Old Town.
Some rooms offer a view of Faro and the sea.
Featuring free WiFi and air conditioning, Gang’ao Home Apartment is located in Shenzhen.
At Mogano Premium guests will find a communal sauna and a 24-hour front desk. Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and luggage storage.
Surfing Goat Dairy is 30 minutes' drive away.
An internet point is available free of charge in the main building.
Other facilities offered at the property include a children's playground and a barbecue.
A sweet Italian breakfast is provided daily with hot drinks and croissants, and guests can use the shared kitchen for free.
Featuring a garden and sun terrace with hot tub, B&B La Valle is 3 km from Talamello, on the slopes of Monte Pincio. Offering free private parking, the property is 25 km from San Marino.
Blu Dolomiti Chalet has an elegant restaurant, a bar and modern rooms with TV and minibar on request.
All bright rooms come with stylish wooden furniture in Bavarian style, a flat-screen TV and a fridge.
It is 11 Km from Saint John Airport and 17 km from the city of Saint John.
Reservation is required at least 24 hours in advance for food preparation at Restaurant Europa.
This property features a lift, heating and free WiFi access.
Breakfast items including coffee, tea, sugar, honey, butter, homemade jam and bread are provided so guests can prepare their own brekfast.
Guests have free access to the residence’s seasonal outdoor swimming pool.
The apartments of the Civetta are traditionally furnished, and come with exposed wooden beams on the ceilings, and parquet floors.
This property is 8 km from Santa Teresita Airport.
A TV with satellite channels is available.
At Hotel Biri you have a free gym and a variety of massages is available.
There is a seating area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
Guest rooms are spacious and feature amenities such as microwaves, refrigerators, hair dryers, expanded cable television with HBO.
Portela International Airport is located 8.5 km away from the Flores Apartment.
Maylinda Villa is 10 minutes’ drive from Batu Secret Zoo and is 45 minutes’ drive from Malang.
This traditional hotel combines a romantic Alpine atmosphere with modern 4-star superior comfort and first-class service.
All of the rooms at this hotel have flat-screen TV with cable channels, free Wi-Fi and en suite facilities.
The apartments feature air conditioning, a washing machine and hairdryer
The nearest grocery store is 50 metres away. A restaurant serving fish dishes can be found 400 metres away.
Ironing facilities are available upon request.
The St. Barbora Cathedral can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
Offering elegant accommodation on a quiet countryside location in the Beskydy Mountains, Bečva Villa Resort features a sauna. Ski resorts of Solisko, Sachova Studánka, Rališka and Pustevny are all within a 12 km radius.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property.
All bedrooms are bright and airy, and comes with hardwood floorings.
The kitchen features a dishwasher, an oven and a refrigerator, as well as a coffee machine and necessary kitchenware.
Palazzo Venezia is 100 metres from Vittoriano Suite, while Piazza Venezia is 200 metres away.
The hotel offers a free daily hot breakfast and free high-speed internet access.
The Yumthume Valley is 24 km and the Zero Point is 34 km.
Built-in the traditional blue-white Cycladic style, Sarris Planet features free Wi-Fi and air-conditioned accommodation overlooking the Aegean Sea from its terrace.
The private bathroom includes a shower and free toiletries are provided.
Apartments & Rooms Baltazar also offers a garden with free-to-use barbecue facilities, as well as free private parking.
Florence can be reached by car in 20 minutes.
With a balcony, the luminous apartments are decorated with light wood furnishings and all come with a satellite LCD TV. The fully equipped kitchen has a dishwasher.
The motel is within a 5-minute drive of the Ruckers Family Fun Center, which offers games and entertainment.
Each unit comes with a bedroom and living area, a kitchenette, a bathroom with a shower and cable TV. Free WiFi is provided, as well.
A cable TV with premium channels is featured in each room at Morro Bay Seaside Inn. A microwave and refrigerator are included for convenience.
Okinawa Gran Rihga Royal is a 10-minute walk from Kokusai Street and a 25-minute drive from Shuri Castle. Naha Airport is just a 10-minute drive or train ride away.
Each room here will provide you with a seating area.
All rooms are air-conditioned and equipped with clean, private bathrooms, Wi-Fi internet access and flat screen satellite TV.
Each room here will provide you with a cable TV, air conditioning and satellite channels.
With stone walls and wooden floors, the suites and guestrooms of Régie Ottoman Istanbul are elegantly furnished. Each is soundproofed and air conditioned. A minibar, flat-screen TV with satellite channels, ironing facilities and a safe box are standard.
Some rooms are equipped for a long-term stay, featuring a kitchenette and a washing machine.
Holiday Apartment Vienna offers you renovated apartments with free Wi-Fi and fully equipped kitchens in various easily accessible locations in Vienna.
The lounge-diner has a TV and a sofa.
Towels are provided.
The apartment provides a seating area with cable and satellite TV. There is a fully equipped kitchen and a bathroom fitted with a shower, a hairdryer and a bidet.
Free Wi-Fi is featured at Medvezhka Hotel.
The property features a balcony with garden views.
The property is decorated with antique furnishings and free WiFi access is available.
Charmey Cable Car and a small ski area are 1.1 km away.
Some units also come with a private pool.
The Garden restaurant provides buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner.
The bathroom is fitted with a shower and includes a hairdryer.
The nearest airport is Lisbon Humberto Delgado Airport, 6 km from Great Apartment in Historic Distric.
All units include a kitchen equipped with an oven and microwave. A toaster and fridge are also available, as well as a kettle.
Offering a restaurant with live piano music, soundproofed rooms with flat-screen TV, and free Wi-Fi, this classical-style hotel is 300 metres from the Lviv City Hall and elegant Rynok Square.
Surrounded with greenery, Hotel Leda features an outdoor pool, steam bath and a sauna. Oludeniz (Dead Sea) coast is 6 km away and free Wi-Fi is accessible in public areas.
This apartment features modern-décor and hardwood flooring.
Overlooking lush green hills, Hotel Constanza Villas & Club offers an outdoor pool, volleyball and basketball courts and free Wi-Fi in public areas.
The quiet surroundings where A. Ašmonienes is located are perfect for walks.
Nice Côte d'Azur Airport is located 45 km away.
It features a large outdoor pool, fitness centre and spa.
Located 100 metres from Santa Maria la Mayor Church in Toro, Hotel Juan II features a seasonal outdoor pool and a terrace providing panoramic views of the River Duero and Roman Bridge.
The property features a casino and a snooker room.
Each is provided with a TV, and an en suite bathroom.
A good selection of meals, snacks and refreshments are available throughout the day.
En suite bathrooms come with shower facilities.
The rooms at Pensionat Björken feature countryside views and either private or shared bathrooms.
The nearest beach is 3.5 km away in Marina di Ostuni.
All rooms are fitted with a private bathroom.
A washing machine and a dishwasher are also standard.
The closest restaurant is 2 km away, and a grocery shop can be reached in a 10-minute walk.
It offers free parking and rooms with cable TV.
The bright, air-conditioned rooms offer light-coloured interiors and minimalistic, contemporary decor.
All rooms at Holiday Inn Porto Gaia are air-conditioned and feature modern bedding.
The Botanic also features a fitness centre and a children’s playground.
The nearest restaurant and a bar can be found 100 metres from the Apartments Vanesa, while a grocery store is located 300 metres away.
Comforts include a living room with a flat-screen TV and Blu-ray player, garden views and a balcony or terrace.
Guests can enjoy the area’s bicycle paths and hiking trails.
The apartments additionally come with a kitchenette and some units feature a sofa bed.
Each room provides a flat-screen satellite TV, mountain views, and a bathroom with shower, hairdryer, free toiletries and bathrobes.
A 15-minute drive from Luang Prabang Airport, the guesthouse features luggage storage and free public parking in a nearby location.
Featuring the central location and superior decoration, Nanjing Shangmao Hotel offers accommodation in Nanjing Downtown.
Cosy and fitted with wooden flooring, all rooms come with either a fan or air conditioning.
Each room here will provide you with a TV and an electric kettle.
Each fan-cooled room features a work desk and tile/marble flooring.
Rooms have a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
It features an outdoor pool, a business centre and a daily continental breakfast. Guest rooms offer free WiFi.
Free parking is available.
Located in Neuilly-sur-Seine, just a 5-minute walk from the Bois de Boulogne in Paris, Victoria Regency Apartment offers self-catering accommodation with a terrace and Eiffel Tower views.
Offering mountain views, views of the Thiersee swimming lake, and free WiFi, Buchauer-Tirol / Landhaus Buchauer is located a 5-minute ski bus ride from the Thiersee Ski Area, 30 minutes by ski bus from the Sudelfeld/Bayrischzell Ski Area, and 25 minutes by car from the Wilder Kaiser-Brixental Ski Area.
Yangtze River TOMOLO Hotel (Jianghan Road Branch) is a 10-minute drive from Wuhan Square and a 20-minute drive from Hankou Railway Station.
Bike hire is available at the property and the area is popular for skiing and golfing.
Fresh eggs and milk can be purchased on site, and you can help yourself to the herb garden.
The property features bright, simply decorated rooms.
Nalchik is 60 km from Chegem Inn, while Elbrus is 80 km away.
Regal’s multi-cuisine restaurant serves South Indian, North Indian and Chinese specialities.
Puerta del Sol is 1 km from Apartamento San Vicente Ferrer, while Plaza Mayor is 1.2 km away.
At the 3-star Gasthof Pension Waldfrieden guest house, you can look forward to comfortable rooms and apartments, furnished in an attractive, country style and featuring free wireless internet access.
Breakfast is available on request and for surcharge.
Laundry and currency exchange services are available. Day trips can be arranged at the hotel’s tour desk.
Each room here will provide you with air conditioning and a seating area.
The bay is also overlooked by the Nephin, the second-highest mountain in County Mayo.
Modern rooms are equipped with air conditioning, a safety box and a cable TV.
The villa comprises a kitchen with traditional furnishing and modern amenities, and a living room featuring leather chairs, a fireplace, large sofas and a flat-screen satellite TV.
Chalets at this farm-style guest house provide a patio with lake and garden views. They include an LCD TV with cable channels, telephone, safe and minibar.
Sightseeing tours can be booked at the reception.
The property offers free parking.
It offers a fitness centre and 2 dining options.
This resort offers free WiFi.
Guests can benefit from 24/7 front desk service.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
Set in Ventimiglia, this apartment features free WiFi.
The nearest airport is Phnom Penh International Airport, 9 km from the property.
Many shops and restaurants can be found within 250 metres from the property.
Other amenities include a seating area with a sofa and a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, a washing machine, air conditioning, and a private bathroom with a spa bath.
The property offers an open terrace and can accommodate up to 4 persons.
For full relaxation, the hotel offers a sauna, a hot tub and massage treatments.
Okadama Airport is a 40-minute drive and New Chitose Airport is a 70-minute drive away.
Ferries to the Balearic Islands of Mallorca and Ibiza depart regularly from Dénia ferry port, 2.5 km away.
Comforts include 1 complimentary bottle of mineral water, a private terrace and a spacious bathroom.
WiFi is available for an additional cost.
There is an extra large double bedroom and a twin bedroom.
In the morning, guests can recharge with a cup of tea on the sun terrace while enjoying the views.
Midtown Manhattan is 15 minutes’ metro ride away.
The guest house also offers car hire.
Other facilities include on-site vending machines and free parking.
All villas come with a kitchenette and overlook Mount Agung.
A farmers market can be found in 600 metres.
A rich buffet breakfast with homemade jams is offered each morning.
The residence is 3 km from the Iron Bridge and 3.4 km the Chiang Mai Night Bazaar.
Located in Skrzyszów in the Podkarpacie region, amidst fields and forests, Hotel Rajski Ogród offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi and LCD TV with cable.
It features suites with a private balcony and mountain and city views.
Common barbecue facilities and a shared terrace are available on site.
Nearby public transport services take you further afield in no time.
There is also a kitchen, fitted with a microwave. A fridge and stovetop are also featured, as well as a kettle.
Plaza de Catalunya, Las Ramblas and Passeig de Gràcia with its boutiques and restaurants can be reached in approximately 15 minutes by foot.
The restaurant serves classic Italian cuisine.
Overlooking the sea, Sao Rafael Atlantico is an ultra modern 5-star complex with direct and private access to São Rafael Beach.
It is a 1.5-hour drive to Ngurah Rai International Airport.
Coffee and juice is available at all times in the lobby.
Every unit has a private bathroom with a shower.
The rooms also offer a hair dryer and coffee maker.
onefinestay offers a 24-hour concierge service and free use of an iPhone for calls, texts, maps and tips from the host for the duration of the stay. Each onefinestay Belgravia apartment includes free Wi-Fi, living area, a fully-equipped kitchen, linen and towels.
Fattoria Le Poggiola is a 10-minute drive from Serravalle Pistoiese Train Station. Montecatini Terme, famous for its thermal waters, is 5 km away.
Guests can enjoy free Wi-Fi throughout the property.
The village of Ponte Lima is 32 km away and the historical city of Viana do Castelo is a 44-minute drive.
Set in a restored 18th-century building, Arte Colonial is in a quieter area of Paraty's historical centre.
The popular Lake Constance is based 30 km away.
Each air-conditioned room includes a private bathroom.
Only a 10-minute walk from the Belvedere Palace and a 5-minute walk from the airport train, the Klimschgasse Apartments offer a convenient location.
They have either feature parquet or carpeted floors and most include a balcony.
The apartment also features a flat-screen TV, a fully equipped kitchen, a sofa, a washing machine and a bathroom with a bath tub.
You can park your car for free on site.
It offers a tour desk which helps guests organise day trips.
Each unit is equipped with a private bathroom with a bath or shower.
All Apartments Vesna are air-conditioned and come with a seating area, TV and a fully equipped kitchen. There is also a private bathroom.
All rooms in Motel Mingo are non-smoking.
The Marquee’s restaurant serves Italian cuisine and traditional Tuscan recipes.
Surrounded by family homes, it offers a quiet atmosphere, free Wi-Fi and a garden with seating area.
Located next to the Appian Way Regional Park on the outskirts of Rome, it was once a farmhouse.
Pattaya Viewpoint is 400 metres from City Garden Pratumnak, while Bali Hai Pier is 800 metres from the property. Utapao-Rayong-Pataya International Airport is 31 km away.
Surrounded by the natural parks of Serra da Estrela and Serra da Malcata the cottages provide the ideal environment for relaxing with friends and family.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are provided.
The surrounding area is popular for hiking.
Hotel Golf is a 15-minute tram ride from Prague's city centre.
All rooms at Abacourt House bed and breakfast have an en suite bathroom with a shower, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
Private parking is possible with an additional cost and the Champs Elysées is only 15 minutes away by metro.
Holy Spirit Cathedral is 1.1 km from Теплая квартира, while Cathedral of Saint Virgin Mary is 1.1 km away.
Congonhas International Airport is 15 minutes away by car from the Interative.
Only a 3-minute stroll from Shanghai World Financial Center, ACME Snda Serviced Apartment features self-catering apartments with modern facilities and elegant décor.
The apartment is 500 metres from Synagogue of Rome.
The bed and breakfast also offers luggage storage and a daily maid service.
Free WiFi is available throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Well-signposted hiking and cycling trails in the Wattenmeer Nature Park can be found directly outside the Landhaus.
The restaurant serves a mix of regional and international cuisine. A traditional Ladin dinner is held once a week.
Some units also have a kitchen, fitted with a fridge.
Saint Sarkis Cathedral is 2.2 km from Yana Guest House, while Amfibius Water Park is 2.9 km from the property.
The property is 1.9 km from Futuro Beach and 3.1 km from Mucuripe Fish Market
Featuring air conditioning, its seven cozy bedrooms come with a flat-screen TV and garden or pool view form the glass wall.
The rooms at La Vallée Verte feature a desk and a private bathroom with a shower.
The guest house is 9.2 km from Shopping and leisure center Mega, 9.4 km from Christ's Resurrection Church and 9.7 km from St. Michael the Archangel's Church in Kaunas.
The 2 bathrooms include a shower, while one has a washing machine.
Each air-conditioned unit features a kitchenette with dining area, fridge and cooking hobs.
Air-conditioned dormitory and family rooms at Gap Year provide personal lockers for storage.
An infrared cabin and sun bed can be used against a surcharge.
The surrounding countryside and beach are ideal for walks and cycling trips.
Other facilities available at this property include a meeting/banquet facility, concierge service, luggage storage, and safety deposit box.
Breakfast is served daily indoors or on the panoramic terrace next to the swimming pool.
The Geovita Center has a wide range of health treatments, including hydro and physiotherapy.
Ibiza Airport can be reached within a 15-minute drive.
Corfu International Airport is located 20 km from the property.
Bed linen is changed once a week, while clean towels are provided twice every week.
The town of Skopelos is 25 km away from Aegean Diamond Boutique Villas, while the island of Skiathos is a 30-minute ferry ride away.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, The releaf guest offers pet-friendly accommodation in Kandy, 1.1 km from Ceylon Tea Museum.
Offering a private outdoor pool and free WiFi access, this private Morning Star Villa GB006 is located in Kissimmee, Florida.
Situated in Marbella in the Andalucía Region, 13 km from Paseo Maritimo, Casablanca Beach boasts an outdoor pool and views of the sea. Funny Beach is 17 km away.
Shared bathrooms offer tile floors and showers.
Certain units have a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
Harrah’s Philadelphia Casino and Racetrack is just 5 minutes’ drive from the hotel.
A number of activities are offered in the area, such as cycling and fishing.
The Merlin, an elegant 19th-century inn, is located just 500 metres from the independent shops and restaurants in affluent Alderley Edge’s village centre.
Located 1 mile from Highway 35, this motel in Chillicothe, Ohio is a 7-minute drive from Hopewell Culture National Historical Park.
Mariposa is just 6.5 km from Providenciales International Airport.
All the rooms at the hotel feature a hammock on their private balconies.
Hotel Saffron is located in the centre of Bratislava, just a 15-minute walk from historic Old Town.
The fully equipped kitchenettes include a refrigerator, stove and oven.
The apartments feature a sofa, a hairdryer and a TV.
All of them have heating and private bathrooms.
Other facilities include a well-stocked bar and 24-hr front desk.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
At air-conditioned apartment on Pobedy you'll find a flat-screen TV and a balcony.
Castrovillari is 20 km away.
The apartments are constructed to a high standard with ceramic or parquet flooring, air-conditioning, satellite TV and private parking space.
Guests can choose from excellent wines of the historical wine district of Villány.
A TV is available.
Featuring a hairdryer, private bathroom also comes with free toiletries.
Flehbachstraße Underground Station is a 15-minute walk from the apartment, and provides connections to the centre of Cologne.
This house offers 3 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms with a shower and bidet. It includes sofas, flat-screen TV with DVD player, fireplace and dining area in the living room.
São Gonçalo do Amarante International Airport is 80 km away.
At Holiday home Pramdragerparken III you will find a terrace and barbeque facilities.
Americana city centre is 2 km away. Horto Florestal gardens and Parque Ecológico park are both 5 km from Hotel Boa Vista.
Some of the apartments offer sea view.
Breakfast is served on the terrace or in the dining area of the stylish living room.
The hotel also offers a daily breakfast.
The Marina Piccola port, where scheduled ferries to Capri leave, is 1 km from the property.
The Ceske Hamry Train Station is 2.2 km from the hotel.
Japanese Yukata robes and slippers are provided for all guests, and green tea can be made using the electric kettle.
In the morning, a gluten-free and lactose-free breakfast buffet is prepared in the breakfast room of the Hotel Am Karlstor.
Gregory Lake is 2.1 km from Torigton House, while Hakgala Botanical Garden is 8 km from the property.
Bandirma-Tekirdag Ferry Port is 2.7 km away.
Free parking is provided on site.
Agen is 47 km away and Condom is a 25-minute drive from the property.
Travel arrangements can be made at the tour desk.
Car rentals and day trips can be arranged at the tour desk.
Free wired internet is available in public areas of Elizabeth guest house.
Zanzibar City is 49 km from Sunbird House, while Kendwa is 2.1 km from the property.
Guests can park at the secured public parking MyPark Antwerp Shopping, which is located next to the hotel and offers direct access to the hotel.
Rooms come with a shared toilet and shared bathroom offering shower facility.
All apartments have a fully equipped kitchenette, cable flat-screen TV and views of the ski slopes.
The property is 700 metres from Post 8 - Ipanema and 800 metres from Post 9 - Ipanema.
A 5-minute walk from Tenjinbashisuji Rokuchome Subway Station, Osaka Tenma House offers dormitory-style and private rooms with free Wi-Fi. Guests can use the shared kitchen and lounge.
On the first floor of the Paříž you can have fun on the bowling double track or while playing billiards, darts and table football.
The historic city of Manado is a 40-minute journey by car.
A shuttle service to the airport is available for guests, reaching Gatwick Airport South Terminal in only 10 minutes.
Rooms at Cateli Sahil Hotel include a flat-screen TV, mini refrigerator and a wardrobe.
Free WiFi access is available throughout and a free Italian breakfast is served each morning.
It offers a free scheduled shuttle service to the Central Market and a free roundtrip airport shuttle service.
The apartment features a living room with a sofa and cable TV. It also includes a DVD player, a dining area and a furnished balcony.
In summer, guests enjoy free admission to the Alpenbad leisure centre in Leutasch.
Istanbul Ataturk Airport is 30 km away.
Charles Bridge is 500 metres from Two-Bedroom Apartment Prague 1, while Wenceslas Square is 900 metres away.
Antalya Airport is 30 km away.
Free, on-site parking is possible.
Complete with a kettle, the kitchen includes a microwave.
Other facilities offered at the property include a shared lounge and a tour desk.
Deep House Bungalows features free WiFi .
There is the Rycerska restaurant on site, serving Polish and European cuisine.
Featuring bright wooden furniture, the rooms and apartments include satellite TV, a tea/coffee maker, a refrigerator, and a bathroom with hairdryer.
It has a rooftop lounge, bar and a restaurant offering 24-hour room service.
The Japanese Gardens and the Curragh Racecourse are among other Kildare attractions within 25 minutes of Moate Lodge.
All rooms and suites at Corowa Motor Inn Motel are non-smoking and feature a refrigerator, TV, DVD player and air conditioning.
Guests can enjoy the on-site bar.
The kitchen is equipped with an oven, a microwave and a fridge and there is a private bathroom.
Mild's House is a convenient 5-minute drive to Kata Beach Center shopping area.
There is a grocery within 200 metres and it is 300 metres to such restaurants as Karczma Baca.
Free toiletries are provided.
Conveniently, country-wide travel arrangements and tiketings can be made at the on-site tour desk.
They are also heated and have a dining area, washing machine and dishwasher.
Free WiFi is provided and there is satellite TV and a kitchenette.
The Headlands Beach State Park is within a 10-minute drive.
Valencia Airport is 6 km away.
They are air-conditioned and have a private entrance.
Here you will enjoy several lounges, 3 thermal swimming pools, underwater music, winter garden and hot tub.
Guests can relax with a newspaper in one of the lounge’s sofas.
The Old Flat Hostel offers bicycle rental, free Wi-Fi and a 24-hour reception.
Arcobaleno B&B is less than a 5-minute drive from the exit of the A57 motorway.
Guest rooms at the Miami Airport Red Roof Plus are equipped with flat-screen cable TVs and ironing facilities.
The property offers free private parking.
Höfn town centre is an 8-minute drive away.
Camping Treumal is set overlooking Playa de Can Cristus Beach, on the Costa Brava, between Platja D’Aro and Calonge.
Overlooking the Union Buildings and Pretoria, Villa Sterne Boutique Hotel & Health Spa features an outdoor pool. It offers a professional-sized pool table.
There is a small supermarket within 1 km, and restaurants serving national and international cuisine can be found within a 5-minute drive, in El Coco Town Centre.
Located 1 km from Park Güell, Bed and Breakfast Donna Elena offers heated rooms with free Wi-Fi.
The Brit Hotel du Parc is located 2km central Fougères.
For dining, the on-site restaurant serves local cuisine.
Alba is 5 km from Agriturismo Il Convivio, while Cuneo is 49 km away.
Awarded a 4-star Gold Award by Visit Scotland, Gifford House is on the A7, but is quiet and peaceful to the rear.
The full all-you-can-eat breakfast includes cooked items, vegetarian options and a wide continental selection.
Guests are a 10-minute drive from Dagebüll Harbour, which offers ferry connections to the North Sea islands of Föhr and Amrum. The surrounding Nordfriesland countryside is ideal for hiking or cycling.
Mini Sayang Residence is a 5-minute walk from Sam Po Ko Temple and Chinatown Heritage Area.
Free private parking is offered nearby.
In winter, a beginner's ski slope is right next to the house and there is a lift to the large ski area of the Kitzbühel Alps.
Each house offers free WiFi access, a garden and a terrace with outdoor furniture.
The nearest restaurant and a grocery store can be reached within 50 metres.
Dutch National Opera & Ballet is 3.8 km from Wooden Apartment Amsterdam, while Royal Palace Amsterdam is 3.9 km from the property.
With direct access from the New Solarium hotel, the ski shop can provide for all your ski rental and accessory needs.
Here you can enjoy fishing, water sports or canoeing rally.
Luggage storage and daily newspapers are also available at the 24-hour front desk.
Guests may use the kitchen and free BBQ facilities provided.
All rooms at the 2-star Hotel Waldhaus Seeblick include either a balcony overlooking the forest, or a view of the lake.
The apartment includes a flat-screen TV and a balcony. Featuring a bath, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and towels.
Each comes with a minibar, dining area and living room with a flat-screen satellite TV.
This holiday home is 12 km from Antigua Airport.
The Adriatic Coast can be reached in 30 km, while the tourist towns of Crikvenica and Novi Vinodolski can be reached in 60 km.
Rooms here will provide you with a TV, a balcony and satellite channels.
At Hotel Aavanaa Inn you will find a 24-hour front desk and a bar.
Góralski Domek Jasinek is located within a 5-minute walk of the Aquapark Complex.
Guestrooms also feature custom-made furniture, free wireless internet access and rain-head showers.
The apartment will provide you with air conditioning and free WiFi.
A children’s playground, barbecue facilities, and free parking are available at the Troadkasten.
The property offers free private parking and Nantes Atlantique Airport is located 15 km away.
Asian Ruby Select Hotel is a 30-minute drive from Tan Son Nhat International Airport. The Reunification Palace and Notre Dame Cathedral are a 10-minute drive from the hotel, while shopping and dining spots are just a stroll away.
The inn also offers bike hire.
The nearest airport is Batumi International Airport, 3 km from the property.
The comfortable, finely furnished guest rooms are equipped with all modern conveniences, free Wi-Fi and feature a cosy atmosphere.
During summer, restaurant’s meals can be served on the poolside.
Activities in the surrounding area include horse riding and hiking.
Each cabin features a private bathroom with shower.
A variety of restaurants, shops and bars are within 5 minutes' walk from the property.
Refugi Pere Carné offers rooms and dormitories with central heating and a shared bathroom.
Each has a private bathroom equipped with a hairdryer and toiletry set.
Breakfast and a selection of authentic Italian dishes are served in the rustic-style restaurant with traditional wooden furniture.
Rooms are equipped with a flat-screen TV with satellite channels.
In-room dining is possible through room service.
Each room here will provide you with a TV, air conditioning and a balcony. There is also a refrigerator.
At the common lounge, guests can also watch cable TV or use the ironing facilities.
All rooms are fitted with a safety box and a CD player.
By The Park B & B is located in Whangarei, near the city’s centre, supermarkets and restaurants.
A self-service laundry facility and a safety deposit box available for a supplement.
The elegant Grand Hyatt Doha features traditional Arabian architecture, indoor and outdoor pools and a private beach area. It is a 2-minutes drive from Doha Golf Club.
A taxi can be arranged for journeys to and from Heathrow Airport, which takes about 30 minutes, and Gatwick, which takes about 40 minutes.
Newspapers are available for savvy guests in languages that include Chinese.
In addition, a satellite TV and a safe can also be provided with an extra cost.
Other wellness facilities include saunas, steam rooms and cold water pools.
Shuttle services are available against a surcharge.
Free Wi-Fi is available across the premises.
Free private parking is available on site.
Featuring free WiFi and a sun terrace, SOTA Cappadocia offers accommodation in Urgup, 400 metres from Nikolos Monastery.
Wi-Fi is available in the rooms free of charge.
Free toiletries are provided for convenience.
Guests benefit from balcony. Free WiFi is offered throughout the property and free private parking is available on site.
Practical dorm rooms and private apartments with free WiFi access are offered in San Pedro de Atacama, 800 metres from Caracoles Street.
In some units, you can have the sea in sight through the room window.
There is a hairdresser's at the property.
In the area surrounding the Hilton Garden Inn Houston/Galleria Area, guests can discover luxury shops, charming local restaurants and major corporate offices.
Studio Port de Plaisance offers accommodation in Nice, 600 metres from Old Town.
Select bathrooms include towels.
Perfectly located in the heart of Riihimäki, this elegant yet cosy boutique hotel offers stylish, comfortable accommodation with free Wi-Fi and public parking.
You can play billiards at the bed and breakfast.
Featuring free WiFi, Hotel Atom is set in Seversk, 13 km from Tomsk. Free private parking is available on site.
This property offers a range of facilities including a pool, a fitness centre and on-site dining options.
Free parking is available on site.
Staff can arrange tours and visits.
The nearest grocery shop and a restaurant are located 100 metres from the Apartment Ljubinka. Ohrid Airport is set 10 km away.
A children’s playground is on site.
Accommodation features a dining area with kitchenette.
Póvoa do Varzim Train Station is 4 km away and access to the A28 motorway is 3.5 km away.
The holiday home is 7 km from Hua Hin Airport.
The modern en-suite bathrooms offer power showers and free toiletries.
An archaeological site featuring remains of ancient city Butrint is 15 km from the hotel and The Blue Eye spring is 24 km away.
A 5-minute walk from the beach, Escape-Cabins sits on a quiet hillside situated on Phra-Ae Beach in Lanta Yai.
Situated in Cambrils, a 5-minute walk from the beach, Sol Cambrils Park features an outdoor pool, 2 paddle tennis courts, fitness area, and a spa with a sauna and hot tub.
The Barbarossa apartment comes with parquet floors, a flat-screen TV and CD player. It includes a bedroom, a bathroom, and a small kitchen.
Free private parking is available on site.
This hotel is ideal for a stopover in Clermont-Ferrand and offers direct access to the A71, A75, A89 motorways.
It has a home cinema.
The area is popular for fishing and hiking.
Additionally, Meson Hotel offers banquet and meeting facilities.
The Hotel MDM City Centre is located just 200 metres from the Politechnika Metro Station and overlooks the Warsaw’s famous Constitution Square.
The Roosevelt Inn rooms include a private bathroom and cozy unique furniture.
A kitchen, equipped with a refrigerator, electrick kettle, oven, dishwasher and a dining table is also available.
Breakfast can be enjoyed every morning in the breakfast area or in the comfort of guest rooms.
San Jose International Airport is 7 minutes’ drive away from this motel.
Port Douglas is a 75-minute drive away.
Big Horn Bar & Grill is located at Palm Canyon Hotel and RV Resort.
The hotel’s restaurant serves Mediterranean cuisine, and there are discounts for children.
En-suite bathrooms are provided with free toiletries and slippers.
The dining room is with a glass roof and a number of windows.
There is a full kitchen with oven, refrigerator and dining area.
The Botanical Gardens and the National Theatre can be reached within 3 km of the apartment. Cluj Napoca International Airport is 9 km away.
Free high-speed WiFi is available throughout.
Guests can enjoy a swim in the pool or visit the health club with its gym, sauna and hot tub.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Navy Museum (1.2 km) and Marina Gdynia (1.4 km).Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport is located 15 km away.
The rooms of the Hotel Kühbergalp feature a traditional Bavarian design and wooden furniture.
Guests can also play beach volleyball and rent bicycles.
For children, the proximity to the forest is ideal, and the little river that flows through our garden is the perfect spot to play.
Rooms at Tehuelche Hotel feature heating and work desks.
Upon request and availability, evening meals are available, at an extra cost.
Each room is individually air-conditioned and features a private bathroom, complete with bath or shower and toiletries.
Rovinj is 37 km away.
You will find a kettle in the room.
Onsite, ample ski storage space is available, as well as a comfortable Alpine lounge and treatment area.
A kitchen and a dining area are available in the house, which also provides a flat-screen cable TV and karaoke facilities in the living area.
It is 6 km to Kappl and 15 km to Ischgl.
The historic Port Isabel Lighthouse is 5 miles away.
Guests can benefit from a refrigerator and a tea and coffee maker.
Whether you are travelling here alone, as a couple, as a family or in a group, you will feel at home here in this beautiful hotel.
Set in the historic centre of Lucca, Guest Apartment Margherita is surrounded by the town's most famous monuments.
Batumi International Airport is 6 km away.
Free WiFi is available.
The accommodation offers a TV, a fully-equipped kitchen and a private bathroom featuring a shower and a bath.
Guests enjoy direct access to Stokes Bay Beach, one of Kangaroo Island’s most beautiful beaches.
Skiing is also possible in Žiarska Dolina and Závažná Poruba, 15 km away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with a dishwasher, a microwave and a refrigerator.
It features a view of the city and includes a flat-screen TV. Free WI-Fi access is provided.
Saba Hotel features the 24-hour reception and the children’s playground. The hotel’s tour desk can organize different guided tours.
Guests can have a drink in the lobby bar and have breakfast every morning.
Featuring free WiFi, Apartment on Olshevskogo 23 is a twin, set in Minsk. The apartment is 1.7 km from National Exhibition Centre BelExpo.
Holiday home Kirkholm Strandby kw Juelsminde X is located in Juelsminde and can accommodate up to eight people.
A great range of bars, restaurants and a supermarket can be found within 200 metres of the property.
Guests can socialise in the shared lounge area or use the guest laundry.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with flat-screen satellite TV and a DVD player.
There is free shuttle service at the property.
The Fiume Dora is a 10-minute walk from Turin Royal Palace and San Giovanni Battista Cathedral. Torino Porta Nuova Train Station is 2 km away.
This hotel features a garden, a restaurant, free Wi-Fi and modern rooms.
Santa Igia B&B – Country House is a 15-minute drive from Cagliari Harbour, while the beaches of Poetto are 20 km away.
Free private parking is possible on site.
Other amenities at Pousada Copacabana Inn include laundry services and a 24-hour front desk.
There is a 24-hour front desk at the property.
Vladivostok Train Station is 3.8 km away, and Vladivsotok International Airport is 50 km from Hotellica Guest House.
Guests can also enjoy discounted rates at the horse riding centre 4 km away.
The Kremlin and Red Square are 4 metro stops away.
You can relax in the tea room and browse the free Wi-Fi or sit on the sunny terrace.
Rooms include a satellite TV and free Wi-Fi.
The rooms are fitted with a TV with cable channels. Some units feature a seating area for your convenience.
Powai Lake is 3 km from Kailash Park Boutique Rooms, while Mumbai Domestic Terminal 1 is 4 km away.
Guests staying at the Tópart Camping can enjoy a breakfast daily and also have access to a common kitchen with a dining area.
Free broadband internet access is available in the hotel's communal areas.
Offering sauna and massage treatments, Hotel Marina is located 400 metres from the beach.
Chez La Marquise provided free on-site parking.
L’Espérence Airport is 7 minutes’ drive from the villa.
Dock Milano’s multilingual staff are available 24 hours a day at reception.
You can also take advantage of the barbecue facilities in the garden of Napfény Vendégház.
With a 24-hour reception and a games room, it also provides room service and laundry facilities.
It is set in a building with an elevator.
Hosting a classical décor and relaxed ambience, this hotel is located by the Nile within easy reach of Luxor’s historical sites.
A new and elegant facility, this 4-star, hotel offers a friendly and exclusive environment equipped to satisfy all clients’ requirements thanks to the helpful staff and the wealth of services.
Some units have a terrace and/or balcony with sea or mountains views.
Featuring a garden and BBQ facilities, Agridechirico offers accommodation in Calolziocorte, just a few steps from the Adda River. The property is a 5-minute drive from Lake Garlate and 7 km from Lecco.
Guests at Le Nebbie di Avalon can enjoy a sweet and savoury breakfast buffet, and upon request it is also possible to eat at the on-site restaurant.
Maison d'hôtes Victoret is located in Challand Saint Victor, 43 km from Aosta and 18 km from Saint Vincent.
There is one double bed, suitable for two guests.
The buffet-style breakfast includes a variety of continental options as well as cooked items.
Other services include laundry and a tour desk.
BBQ facilities are also available in the terrace for al fresco meals.
Set on the 1st floor, the apartment is bright and comprises a fully equipped kitchen with a dining area, as well as the living room with a flat-screen cable TV.
The climate-controlled rooms also include a work desk.
There is a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven, a microwave and toaster.
A TV and DVD player are available.
Without any additional charge, guests can enjoy a daily breakfast, surf the net, use the kitchen and chill in the reading- or in the DVD rooms.
Duomo offers original design.
Minsk Train Station is just 2 km from Minskhouse Apartments 1, and it is 44 km from Minsk Airport.
It is equipped with a flat-screen TV and offers a washing machine.
It features air-conditioned rooms, and free WiFi throughout the premises.
Selected rooms come with a cable TV and minibar.
Zhuhai Railway Station is located 10 minutes' drive away.
Private parking is available in an underground car park at the hotel.
Towels and bed linen are provided in this apartment.
It is connected to the hotel and has a separate entrance.
Rome Ciampino Airport is 12 km away.
The property includes a sauna and free private parking.
Each apartment has a dining area and living room with sofa bed.
The hotel’s on-site à la carte restaurant serves Romanian and international cuisine and is decorated in warm colours.
It offers air-conditioned rooms with a satellite TV and minibar.
The motel features a playground and an outdoor pool.
Situated right next to the Dorfbahn Cable Car Station in Brand, Pension Bergkristall offers apartments and rooms with free Wi-Fi and a flat-screen TV.
On-site parking is available for an extra charge.
Canary Wharf tube station is just a 15-minute walk, from which central London can be reached in just half an hour, and the O2 Arena in 8 minutes.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
You will find a 24-hour front desk, hairdresser's, and shops at the property.
Hotel-Home is a self-catering accommodation located in Yoshkar-Ola, in the highest geographical part of the city. Free WiFi access is available.
The family-run Medusa Lux Apartments is located in lush surroundings 200 metres from Gefyra Beach in the scenic Liapades village.
There is an out- and indoor pool 4 km away.
Located in Belgrade, Downtown Cosmopolitan Apartment offers air-conditioned accommodation with free WiFi access. The property is 700 metres Republic Square and 1.2 km from the pedestrian zone around Knez Mihailova Street.
A park can be found across the street.
Drinks and refreshments can be enjoyed at the bar.
The Spa Resort Casino is 6 minutes’ drive away.
The rooms here offer tiled floors, a desk, and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Guests can enjoy city views from the rooms, which feature a spa bath.
The area is popular for horse riding and snorkeling.
The Koi Mahik has a 24-hour reception desk.
You can find several restaurants and shops within a 5-minute walk of Blue Sea.
It takes 1.5 hours by car from the hotel to Ngurah Rai International Airport and 10 minutes to the Monkey Forest.
Set in 44 acres of gardens and woodland, Thainstone House is just 15 minutes from Aberdeen Dyce International Airport.
The guest house is a 5-minute walk from Ubud Monkey Forest and a 90-minute drive from Bali Denpasar International Airport.
It boasts sophisticated accommodation, stunning sea and sunset views and gourmet dining.
With free parking, Villa Iris is a 10-minute drive from the centre of Castelfranco di Sopra.
Rooms are cosy with traditional wood furnishings and modern comforts.
It features free Wi-Fi and rooms with mountain views.
The nearest airport is Zurich Airport, 54 km from Towerhotel.
There are 2 double beds and 4 single beds, as well as 2 bathrooms with a bath tub. The kitchen is well-equipped and includes a washing machine, oven, hob, toaster, coffee machine, cooking utensils and more.
All units include a flat-screen TV.
Each room features satellite TV and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.
Just 200 metres from Haymarket Railway Station, Fountain Court Apartments – Morrison are a 10-minute walk from lively Princes Street.
It can accommodate up to eight persons.
The accommodation will provide you with a cable TV, a mini-refrigerator and air conditioning.
Rooms at the Baia Sangiorgio Hotel all include a covered patio.
Areitbahn I is 500 metres from Hotel Pinzgauerhof, while Glocknerbahn is 1.9 km away.
After-dinner drinks can be enjoyed at Lounge Bar and Garden Bar.
A window seat and a desk are also provided.
All have hot water, a minibar and a telephone.
The guest house is situated 21 km from the town of Albarracín, a Spanish National Monument. The protected forest of Pinares de Rodeno is 5 km away.
A buffet breakfast is served each morning.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Árbakki Farmhouse Lodge offers pet-friendly accommodation in Reykholt.
A flat-screen TV and DVD player are standard in all rooms.
The property features views of the pool and is 6 km from Cancun Government Palace.
Some feature an original 19th-century fireplace and overlook the chateau’s park.
Reception staff is available 24 hours a day.
Car rental service is also offered.
Flat 75, 1 Lambs Passage offers accommodation in London, 1 km from Hoxton Square and 1.3 km from Brick Lane.
Simon Bolivar Airport is 16 km away.
A public bus stop is located 3 walking minutes from Haus Brunneck.
It is 14 km away from the Austrian border and Örség National Park is 28 km away.
Howard Johnson Beaumont is 7 km from Henry Homberg Municipal Golf Course.
The nearest airport is Krakow - Balice Airport, 88 km from Apartament Raka Travel Ski & Spa.
Car rental facilities area available.
WiFi access is available in this resort.
Guests can prepare their meals in the fully equipped kitchens with a marble countertop, or flowery tiles on the walls.
Airport shuttle can be arranged at an additional fee.
Hotel Sintra is situated 300 metres from Holy House of Mercy and Leal Senado Building. Macau International Airport is a 20-minute drive away.
Featuring a garden and a terrace, Il Giardino di Zefiro is located in Gioiosa Marea, 100 metres from Marina di Patti beach, and offers free WiFi in all areas.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
The property is 1.8 km from Bali Hai Pier. It is 2.2 km from Walking Street Pattaya and 3.6 km from Underwater World Pattaya. Suvarnabhumi Airport is located 88 km away.
The hostel has a privileged location, set in an area with a variety of restaurants, bars, shops, museums, parks and more.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also include a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Each room has a private bathroom fitted with a shower.
The Cairo Conference Centre is less than 2 km away.
Elegance features free WiFi throughout the property.
The one-bedroom apartment with balcony offers a TV, a balcony and a seating area.
Breakfast is a varied buffet, served daily.
Each guest room is equipped with free Wi-Fi.
This holiday home is 15 km from Stavanger , Sola Airport.
Albert Lea city centre is less than 3 miles from the property.
Only 15 km from Shenzhen Bao'an International Airport and Fuyong Harbour, Baolilai International Hotel offers an indoor pool, tennis courts and a modern gym.
The property is ideally located only a 3-minute walk from Hsinchu Train Station and Hsinchu Bus Station.
With easy access to the international airport as well as to cruise ship terminals, the Hampton Inn Fort Lauderdale-Downtown/City Center is an ideal location for exploring the surrounding area.
It has an electric cooker, microwave and tea/coffee facilities. Satellite TV, a dining area and a washing machine are also included.
Enjoy and relax in the BlueBay Villas Doradas Spa with ultimate technology treatments, conducted by professional therapists.
Meeting and banquet facilities are available.
There is a dining area and a kitchenette complete with a microwave and a toaster.
Outdoor activities such as trekking, canopying, skiing and golf can be arranged in the area.
All have a furnished terracee.
A launderette and barbeque facilities are available to the guests of the Boca Raton Homestead Studio Suites.
The air-conditioned accommodation at Apart Aktur Bitez comes with a flat-screen TV and satellite channels.
Hills Hotel is an eco aparthotel, offering accommodation in the green area of Moscow, a 5-minute drive from Lomonosovsky Prospekt Metro Station and a 10-minute drive to Kiyevskaya and Universitet Metro Stations. Moscow State University is 2.5 km away.
Offering an outdoor pool, a bar and a restaurant, Casa Mafalda is located on the seafront at the southern end of Jacó Beach.
In the popular restaurant our chef Mario Holzinger prepares excellent creative dishes for his guests.
The resort’s tour desk can arrange jet-skiing or sailing excursions.
The staff of the Pollon Inn is available at check-in and check-out times, and can provide useful tourist and travel information.
Casa Boutique Checar is located a near some of the most important attractions the area has to offer.
With an outdoor pool and a garden, Birchwood Hotel is located only a 15-minute drive from OR Tambo International Airport.
Offering an indoor heated pool and a private garden, Villa Hanan is located in a quiet area of Sarajevo.
All comes with a sofa, a personal safe and a minibar.
The Viñuela Reservoir, where guests can find sandy picnic areas, is 13 km from the property.
A free shuttle is available from Togura Train Station, which is a 5-minute drive away.
The air-conditioned villa features pool and garden views, a living area with a flat-screen TV and DVD player and 2 bathrooms.
Just 14 minutes' walk from the Victoria and Albert and the Natural History museums, Ashburn Court Apartments feature self-catering accommodation in London, 3 minutes' walk from Gloucester Road.
Guests can stay in Japanese-style rooms with tatami (woven-straw) floors or Western rooms with carpeted floors.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Hotel City II offers accommodation in Santo André.
The property boasts views of the city and is 800 metres from Cordoba Mosque.
A restaurant is 100 metres away and a supermarket is 150 metres from the house.
Klagenfurt Airport is 20 minutes away.
Abeid Amani Karume International Airport is located 64 km from the property.
Laundry facilities and room service are also available.
It offers direct access to the garden and a private bathroom with a walk-in shower and hairdryer
Free WiFi is offered .
Located 5-minutes away from Pranburi beach, the Alibaba Boutique Resort offers modern guest rooms with a Dubai-theme in a comfortable and peaceful setting.
They feature a TV, seating area and a kitchenette.
Offering access to ATV and snowmobile trails on site, this lodge is 10 minutes’ drive from the city centre of Deadwood.
Each room has a minibar and a modern en suite bathroom with complimentary Manuka Spa Toiletries.
A sweet Italian breakfast is served each morning including capuccino, croissants, juices, and yoghurt.
The front desk is available for 24 hours and daily maid service is offered here.
A tennis centre can be reached within a 5-minute walk and cross-country skiing trails pass 50 metres away.
Wayalailai Bay of Plenty Lodge is reached via a 3-hour boat ride from Denarau Marina. It is a 15-minute drive from Nadi International Airport to Denarau.
All colourful accommodation units comprise cable TV and a private bathroom.
Free parking and a 24-hour front desk are available at Best Classic Inn & Suites Houston.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Croatian Walk of Fame (700 metres) and Slatina Beach (700 metres).
The property is 9.8 km from Sharjah Aquarium and 12 km from Sahara Centre.
The amazing beaches of Costa Paradiso are a 15-minute walk from the property.
Guests can enjoy locally infused cuisine at the hotels own Bole Bole Cafe.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Sunny Express (400 m) and Plans (500 m).
Villa Ivo Basina also includes a barbecue.
Leukerbad is 28 km from Latti's & Meri's Guesthouse, while Montreux is 34 km away.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including cycling, diving and windsurfing.
Guests will also appreciate separate living and sleeping areas along with small in-room dining areas.
Featuring a shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and a bathrobe.
Sapienza University of Rome is 800 metres from La casa del principe di Termini, while Santa Maria Maggiore is 900 metres from the property.
Each room at High Point Courtyard has deluxe bedding and feather pillows.
Set 2 km from the town of Koli, these self-catering, semi-detached cottages are by Lake Pielinen, 200 metres away.
Enjoying garden or pool views, the air-conditioned guestrooms and suites are equipped with a satellite TV and minibar.
Our check-in office is also located in the center where you can make use of the free internet access and will get information on sights and activities.
Nafpaktos is 9 km from Four-Bedroom Holiday Home in Agios Vasilios, while Agrinio is 49 km from the property.
Discounted rates for Central Parcs are proposed by the property.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Free public parking is possible at the location nearby.
Lake and mountain views can also be enjoyed.
Cable is featured in all rooms at Motel 6 Vernon.
The Del Mar Racetrack is 13 km away.
Interiors feature wooden or tiled floors, and warm orange colours.
Hotel Las Mercedes Airport-Quito is a 45-minute drive from La Mitad del Mundo, Quito city and Papallacta Spring Water. Otavalo City is an hour and 15 minutes away.
Away from the city, Kangfute Hotel Shanghai is 32 km from Shanghai South Railway Station and Hongqiao Airport Terminal 1.
BBQ facilities are available for warm nights.
In the en-suite bathroom, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
After having breakfast on the terrace, you can play pétanque in the 2000 m2 garden.
Towels and bed linen are available at Casa do Patriarcal.
Located in Ispagnac, Le Vallon offers a garden, terrace and a bar as well as panoramic views of Les Gorges du Tarn.
Guests of this hotel can enjoy full service amenities including: Free hot breakfast buffet starting at 5 a.m., Free wireless high-speed Internet access, Free coffee in the lobby, Business center, Fitness room and outdoor pool.
Guests are welcome to cook their own meals in the kitchen. Alternatively, local restaurants are available within 2 km, in the Semide centre.
Sailing Club is 200 metres from the property.
Reunification Palace is 1.2 km away.
The hotel’s spa area includes a steam bath and massage facilities, perfect for relaxing.
The Barclaycard Center is less than 10 minutes' walk from the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathroom also comes with a bath and bathrobes.
Hotel La Sosta's terrace overlooks the river.
Breakfast is provided upon a prior request and for an additional surcharge.
Hotel Manaus offers accommodation in Contagem, 8 km from he city centre.
The hotel has a year-round outdoor pool, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.
Some are larger and have a living room with a sofa bed.
Franklin Roosevelt Metro Station is a 5-minute walk away providing direct access to Paris’ sights, including the Louvre Museum and the lively Marais district.
There are also many restaurants offering Chinese and Western food located within a 10-minute walk of the hotel.
The property provides a delivery menu for lunch and dinner.
Nuriel Fruit & Guest House organises guided tours, hiking excursions and meetings with the Druze communities.
The accommodation is air conditioned and features a seating area. There is also a dining area and a kitchenette fitted with a microwave. A toaster and kettle are also provided.
Each has a kitchen equipped with a hob, washing machine, and microwave.
During July and August, accommodation is only available for stays of 7 or more nights, from Saturday to Saturday.
Set on the north shore of Lake Issyk Kul, in the village of Baktuu Dolonotu, this resort offers indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a spa centre and a tennis court.
A TV is provided.
Some accommodation types are split-level with a fireplace.
With its own horse riding stables, Misselhorner Hof offers modern rooms, a 5-minute drive from the town of Hermannsburg.
Executive Pleasant - Service Apartment offers accommodation in Mumbai.
Select rooms feature a balcony.
Located within the historic walled city of Intramuros, The Bayleaf is a 5-minute walk from SM Manila shopping mall.
All modern-style rooms come with a flat-screen TV and garden views.
Other facilities at Villa Capo Coda Cavallo include a seasonal outdoor pool.
Fügen’s Lifestyle Ferienhaus Panorama Lounge is located just 1 km from the Spieljoch ski area and the Fügen indoor and outdoor swimming pools.
Breakfast includes typical products, bread, homemade cakes, fresh fruit, yoghurt, cereal, juice.
If you feel like visiting the surroundings, check out Hassan II Mosque (3.4 km) and Morocco Mall (4.2 km). Mohammed V International Airport is located 26 km away.
The property also offers laundry, dry cleaning and daily maid service.
Dubrovnik Airport is at a distance of 25 km.
Hotel Wien’s reception is open 24/7.
Some units include a dining area and/or terrace.
Penzion U Kriveho psa offers free Wi-Fi access and free public parking in front of the building.
A free shuttle is provided to both the Monte Baranci ski lifts, 500 metres away, and nearby San Candido Station.
The larger town of Porthmadog is a 10-minute drive away, just outside the Snowdonia National Park.
Free WiFi access is available. Each room here will provide you with a TV and satellite channels.
They also come complete with a seating and dining area, fan and a fully equipped kitchen.
Hotel Petersburg offers free WiFi and a beer garden.
The town of Bueno Brandão, in Minas Gerais, is 22 km away.
Hotel Garni is a 15-minute drive from Riva del Garda and Lake Garda.
The nearest airport is Falcone-Borsellino Airport, 23 km from the property.
A buffet breakfast with jams and juices is served daily at the restaurant.
In the living area you will find a set of sofas, a small coffee, table and a flat-screen TV. There is also a large dining table and a fireplace. The well-equipped kitchen includes an oven, microwave, electric kettle, and kitchenware.
You can enjoy a sea view from the apartment.
Holiday home Sølyst Rudkøbing Denm is located in Tranekær.
Some rooms offer a sea view or a garden view.
Motel 6 Big Bear is across the street from the Big Bear Lake Convention Center, home of Octoberfest.
The non-smoking rooms at Beijing Forest Hotel feature modern Asian décor.
The rooms come with a private bathroom equipped with a shower.
It features an outdoor pool, a hot tub, barbecue facilities and free parking.
Select rooms include a fireplace, whirlpool tub or sitting area.
The apartments and studios offer a balcony, a fully equipped kitchenette, cable TV and a bathroom with shower and toilet.
You can play billiards at the hotel.
Each apartment is air conditioned and features a seating area with TV and a fully equipped kitchenette.
Hotel Bahía Tropical can be found in Velilla Taramay on the Costa de Granada.
The Mercure Hotel Am Gorzberg has brightly furnished, quiet rooms with satellite TV.
The marble bathroom includes a hairdryer.
Riverside is 2 km from the Central Market and a 10-minute drive from the S21 Toul Sleng Museum and Russian Market.
Lykia World Antalya features free WiFi .
Montpellier–Méditerranée Airport is 100 km away.
At Truc Xanh Hotel, staff can assist guests with luggage storage, laundry and dry cleaning services.
You can taste traditional Italian cuisine at the hotel's restaurant offering various menu dishes, including fish specialities and vegetables buffet.
Holiday home Oasen Harboøre II is located in Harboør and it can accommodate up to four guests.
The Grand Hotel features 2 restaurants, Lafayette, which serves local and international cuisine and a wide choice of Italian wines, and the à-la-carte Bistrot Square, for Tuscan cuisine, fresh seafood and meats and pizzas.
Guests at Coroados Hotel can benefit from a daily breakfast buffet with seasonal fruits, natural juices and bread rolls.
This pet-friendly villa features air conditioning, a sofa seating area and both an indoor and outdoor dining area. Complete with a bath tub and shower, the private bathroom also comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
The property offers free parking and luggage storage.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and a balcony.There is a kitchen with a microwave and a refrigerator.
Airport transfer can also be arranged.
The Spanish Steps are 3.5 km away.
Offering free Wi-Fi and free parking, this property is in the Cilento National Park, 1.5 km from the sea.
The classic rooms with tiled floors come with a desk and LCD TV with satellite channels.
Accommodation will provide you with air conditioning, a seating area and pay-per-view channels.
It offers a barbecue area with pergola, an in-ground saltwater pool with a heated spa, and free on-site parking.
The nearest airport is Burgas Airport, 16 km from the property.
The kitchen is equipped with a microwave and a fridge.
There is a private bathroom with free toiletries.
Meraden Grand has a tour desk and a business centre.
Extras include slippers, free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The accommodation will provide you with a TV and satellite channels. There is also a mini fridge.
There is also a pool.
Located in the centre of Sevilla, Apartamentos Alemanes Gradas offer apartments with furnished terraces that look onto Sevilla’s Cathedral and its Giralda tower.
Ironing facilities can be provided, while public parking space is available for guests who drive.
It is opposite Martim Moniz Metro Station and 450 metres from Rossio Train Station.
National Museum of Etruscan Archaeology is 2.6 km from Lovely Tuscan Country House, while Palazzo Chigi Saracini is 2.7 km from the property.
Children can enjoy a playground and there is a sunny terrace, perfect for warm, summer afternoons.
There are shops, bars and restaurants 200 metres away.
Guests enjoy free parking privileges and free Wi-Fi.
Attached bathrooms have hot-water showers.
Each of the chalets at Domaine De Chôdes has a living room with a fireplace, seating area and flat-screen TV with a DVD player.
A bathroom comes with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
It offers self-contained apartments with a full kitchen and laundry facilities.
A tennis court, basketball court, games room, and children’s playground are available on-site at the Poconos Chestnut Grove Resort.
Free private parking is available on site.
A continental breakfast served in a traditional Mauritian basket is available at a surcharge with prior arrangement, and is delivered to the apartment between 08h00 and 10h30.
The property is about a 10-minute drive to Hualien Airport and the famous Chihsingtan Beach.
It has babysitting service, a games room, a fitness centre, a tennis court and several on-site restaurants.
The restaurant seats up to 130 people and on the large open-air terrace 160 guests can enjoy outdoor dining.
A cable TV is included in each guest room at Provost Motor Inn.
The nearest airport is Sheremetyevo International Airport, 7 km from Guest house 5-ya Prirody 35.
A daily breakfast is included and there is free Wi-Fi access in public areas.
The property also offers grocery delivery.
The traditionally furnished rooms come with a flat-screen cable TV, a bathroom, and garden and mountain views.
Some rooms feature scenic views over Norfolk Square and its garden.
Car hire is available at the property and the area is popular for golfing.
All rooms are equipped with air conditioning and a shared bathroom.
Entirely renovated in 2014, Ambient Hotel & Aroma Spa in Sikonda, 19 km from Pecs, offers you a spa area with indoor and outdoor saunas, 4 indoor and 3 outdoor pools, a salt chamber, a steam chamber and an aroma sauna.
Four different bays can be reached in a 15-minute drive from Hropić Apartments.
A daily breakfast is available for a surcharge.
Only 200 m from the beach with easy access through the sea front promenade.
AT night guests can relax drinking a beverage in the bars by the sea.
The commercial area of Seminyak is a 5-minute drive from Mayaloka Villas.
Jadelink Garden serves traditional Cantonese cuisine and a large selection of Dim Sum.
There is also a bathroom with a shower, a bathtub and a toilet, as well as an additional toilet.
Only 3 km from Villeneuve-les-Avignons, Roca Yourte offers guest accommodation in self-catering, yurt-style tents.
Hotel Młyn Aqua Spa Biblioteka is located 200 metres from the green Dolinka Park and offers classically decorated rooms with free Wi-Fi.
There is a souvenirs shop on site.
The air-conditioned apartments include an outdoor dining area, a flat-screen TV with satellite channels, and a well-equipped kitchen.
At Holiday home Kystvejen you will find a terrace with BBQ facilities.
Guests staying at Point Apartaments will enjoy an indoor swimming pool, a fitness centre and meeting facilities.
Guests can relax on a sun lounger under an umbrella on Dana hotel’s private beachfront.
All apartments are air-conditioned and have a balcony and a fully equipped kitchenette.
Located 100 metres from Santa Marta bay and the beach, Casa Celta offers free Wi-Fi and a terrace in a colonial-style property located in Santa Marta's historic centre.
The nearest airport is Baden Airpark Airport, 45 km from the property.
Bolzano is a 20-minute drive away.
Located 650 metres from Hakuba Goryu Ski Resort, Hotel Montblanc provides heated rooms with free Wi-Fi and a private bath.
Make use of the ironing facilities and washing machine at Casa Hotel Residencia Estudiantil or prepare a meal in the full kitchen, which comes complete with an oven and microwave.
D’Pine Restaurant serves breakfast buffet and international cuisine.
Free private parking is available on site.
The area is popular for horse riding and hiking.
Plaza Catalunya and La Rambla are a 10-minute metro ride.
Emerald Hills Golf Club is 2 miles away.
Each room at this guest house is air conditioned and is fitted with a TV.
Bambooze Hauz is a 15-minute drive to Boracay (Cagban Port), which is a 15-minute boat ride to Caticlan Jetty Port.
Here, a buffet breakfast of both sweet and savoury items is hosted daily.
Each room has a private bathroom.
The nearest beach is 8 km away.
A grocery delivery service is possible upon request, and free private parking spaces are available on site.
Nafplion, Epidaurus and Tiryntha are within a short driving distance, offering numerous sightseeing options.
It offers rooms with free WiFi access.
Completely reconstructed in 2015, Vinohradský dům is an aparthotel in Prague and offers fully-equipped apartments.
Located in La Serena in the Coquimbo Region, 600 metres from La Serena Lighthouse, La Serena Holiday Apartments Laguna Del Mar boasts a private beach area and water sports facilities.
Coin-operated laundry machines are located in the building as well.
Free WiFi access is included as well as free private parking.
Only 150 metres to a pebbly beach, Apartments Mario is set 800 metres from the centre of Makarska.
The guest house is 2.8 km from Maracaipe's Beach, 800 metres from Hippocampus Project and 1 km from Merepe Beach .
Located in Chilia Veche, Limanul Resort - Danube Delta offers an outdoor pool, a restaurant and free WiFi access in all areas. Free bicycles are available for guests.
Free WiFi access is available in all areas.
Apartment on Kurortnaya 14 offers accommodation in Gelendzhik.
The village of Bradworthy lies close to the Cornish border, with Bude’s popular surfing beaches around 11 miles away.
BBQ facilities are also available in the garden.
Rooms are accessible by lift.
Shaniwar Wada is also 2 km away.
The property offers free private parking.
All units feature a kitchen equipped with a fridge and stovetop.
Olympiastadion is reachable in a 24-minute ride with the underground line U3. while Marienplatz can be reached in a 12-minute drive.
The property has a private beach area and bike hire is available.
There are many restaurants and cafes surrounding the hotel.
The air-conditioned apartments at the Tudors come with a balcony, a well-equipped kitchen and a flat-screen TV with cable channels.
Each room at Caju Luxor Hotel offers air conditioning and a flat-screen cable TV. The private bathroom includes a shower.
The local railway station and the mall Shopping Muller are 2 km from this hotel.
A work desk and free toiletries are offered.
Just 50 metres from the sandy beach of Sarti in Chalkidiki, Hotel Viky features a bar with fireplace and an outdoor seating area.
Featuring an outdoor pool and hot tub, this four-bedroom villa features plush outdoor lounge chairs and additional outdoor lounge areas.
Featuring free WiFi throughout the property, Apartment Pension Stark is set in Františkovy Lázně, 40 km from Karlovy Vary.
There are also fast food options and a local food centre within a 10-minute walk from the hotel.
The Hotel-Restaurant Neckarperle offers cottage-style, en-suite rooms with free Wi-Fi internet access.
You can hire a car from the tour desk.
It is a 20-minute drive from Poggio de’ Medici Golf Club, and 32 km from Florence.
The restaurant is open both at lunch and dinner.
Public parking is available nearby, at an extra cost.
This holiday home provides satellite TV and a seating area with a sofa. A fully equipped kitchen comes with an oven and a fridge.
Abu Dabbab Lodge is located in Abu Dabbab area. This lodge is 30 km from Marsa Alam International Airport.
Most come with a balcony.
Featuring free WiFi, Tianting Business Hotel offers neatly arranged guestrooms.
Ha Do Villas operates a 24-hour front desk and provides barbecue facilities for guests to rent.
Situated in the touristic area of Larnaca and 150 metres from the sandy beach, Vergi City is a stone-built hotel surrounded by tall palm trees.
A daily buffet breakfast is included.
The nearest restaurant serving traditional meals is 400 metres away, and the local bus stop Kirchberg in Tirol Lend is 270 metres away. Badesee Kirchberg, a public swimming lake, is 650 metres away.
Aktion National Airport is 26 km away.
Rooms at Hotel Ascona feature a flat-screen TV and a balcony.
The property is situated 1 km from the San River and 4 km from the Discalced Carmelites Monastery ruins in Zagórze.
The Ashdown Park Hotel has a peaceful and relaxing location, set in its own private grounds, just a short stroll from the town of Gorey and only a short distance from the area’s sandy beaches and top-class golf courses.
Echigo-Yuzawa Shinkansen (bullet train) Station is a 1-hour drive away. Tsunan Ski Ground can be reached within a 40-minute drive.
The Apartments Garmisch-Partenkirchen offers well-equipped apartments with a free underground car parking space for every apartment.
The hotel features an outdoor pool and free Wi-Fi in every room.
Set in Kuala Lumpur in the Kuala Lumpur Federal Territory Region, 700 metres from Berjaya Times Square, Casa Cozy Apartments features an outdoor pool and sun terrace.
The unit includes a seating corner, a dining area and a kitchen complete with an oven and a microwave.
A complimentary full breakfast is served in Whale View Manor's cosy breakfast room.
Staff at 24-hour front desk can provide safety deposit box, and assist with luggage storage service.
Apartment Villasimius offers accommodation 300 metres from Villasimius centre.
At Hotel The Empire you will find a 24-hour front desk and a terrace. Other facilities offered include a tour desk, luggage storage and a laundry.
Laghetto Premio has a fitness centre, a large games room and private onsite parking.
This farm house produces its own olive oil and wine.
The hotel features a golf driving range, an outdoor pool, and several sports facilities.
The rooms at Les Mille Jeanne feature a flat-screen TV with cable channels and a DVD player, a wardrobe and a private entrance.
The Sierra de Demanda Nature Reserve is 30 km from the property.
Towels and bed linen are provided.
Go and see the sights of the Plaza Mayor, the Puerta del Sol or stroll through the narrow streets of La Latina quarter.
The nearest airport is Astana International Airport, 13 km from the property.
Barbecue facilities, vending machines, and free parking can all be found on site.
Many restaurants and cafés are within walking distance of the property.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including snowboarding, snowtubing, disc golf, volleyball, football, orienteering and running. There is also an on-site snowboarding school
It provides accommodation with free Wi-Fi and free private parking.
Some rooms offer views of the mountain.
The Gold Coast is a 45-minute drive away.
Air-conditioning is available at an additional cost.
Nestled in the quiet woods of Branson, Missouri, this bed and breakfast offers spacious suites with fireplaces and private hot tubs.
It offers a spa with a sauna, an aromatic steam room, a relaxation room and a massage area..
It offers free Wi-Fi, on-site laundry facilities and spacious rooms.
Breakfast is served every morning, and half-board includes a 3-course dinner.
Featuring cable TV, Apartment on Prospekt Lenina 10 is located in Nizhny Novgorod, a 2-minute walk from Leninskaya Metro Station.
Free private parking is available on site.
Rooms here will provide you with a cable TV and air conditioning.
A continental breakfast is served daily at the dining area, while guests can also enjoy coffees and light meals at the on-site snack bar.
Situated 2.9 km from Tbilisi Opera and Ballet Theatre in Tbilisi City, this air-conditioned apartment features free WiFi, a hot tub and a balcony.
At Bay Villa Gold Beach Front, you will find BBQ facilities. The property offers free parking.
At Rivernorth Suites you will find barbecue facilities.
Fresh seafood and spectacular sunset views can be enjoyed at Breeze Restaurant.
Guests can relax in the Scholz Ferienwohnung’s garden.
Extra's include a washing machine with tumble dryer, a games roome and garden furniture.
The private bathroom features a shower and free toiletries.
Each includes air conditioning, heating and free Wi-Fi.
All rooms have a private bathroom. For your comfort, you will find free toiletries and a hairdryer.
The tour desk can also organise day cruises along the lake or fishing excursions.
The Acarte Hotel offers comfortably equipped rooms with en suite facilities and free Wi-Fi internet access.
Rooms have use of shared bathroom facilities.
Kranebitten Airport is located 40 km away.
Guests can hire bikes at reception, and the University of Perugia is a 20-minute ride away.
Set 250 metres from Piazza Navona in Rome, Appartamento Piazza Navona offers self-catering accommodation with air conditioning.
Room service is also available upon request.
Each room at this hotel is air conditioned and has a flat-screen TV with cable channels. You will find a kettle in the room.
A continental breakfast is served every morning.
The Kolhapur Railway Station and Kolhapur Bus Station are both 15 km away and the Pune Airport is 230 km from the property.
Featuring a shower, private bathrooms also come with a hairdryer.
Luggage storage is possible at the front desk.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven and a dishwasher. Private bathroom also comes with a shower and a bidet.
Guests can find many restaurants and bars in the surrounding streets.
Plati Yalos beach, being one of the oldest and most organised beaches of the island, offers a large variety of beach bars and restaurants to choose from.
The private bathroom comes with a shower, toilet and free toiletries.
Yankee Stadium is within a 10-minute drive of the apartment building.
The kitchen has a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave, as well as a kettle.
The property offers parking at an extra cost.
Fashion Outlets of Niagara Falls USA is 11 minutes’ drive.
Some rooms feature a seating area where you can relax.
It offers homely rooms with free Wi-Fi, as well as a wide variety of treatments.
2 golf courses and a large network of cross-country ski runs are only a short walk away from Parkhotel Seefeld.
The seaside village of Potos is at 3 km, while Theologos Village is 14 km away.
Redang Pelangi Resort is located on the shores of Long Beach in Redang.
Hotel Il Timone is 10 km from Porto Rotondo. Olbia Costa Smeralda Airport and Porto Cervo are a 20-minute drive away.
Free WiFi is provided throughout the property.
Free parking is provided.
Free parking is available.
Roman is 39 km from Complex Turistic Potocina, while Bicaz is 25 km away.
There is a fully equipped kitchen with an oven.
Pietkiewiczówka Ski Lift is within 660 metres and Sudety Lift is 1.2 km away.
Family Hotel Iceberg’s rooms also have a fridge and bathroom with a shower and free toiletries.
Traditional Macedonian dishes are served at the Ohrid Room restaurant, which includes a small terrace that overlooks the lake.
The 2 bathrooms include a shower and linens and towels are provided.
Each air-conditioned and soundproofed room has been uniquely designed and decorated by an artist.
Free parking is available.
Reus is 9 km from Turismar - Elisabeth, while L'Ametlla de Mar is 33 km from the property.
All air conditioned, the 45 rooms at Hotel 38 include a minibar, TV and en suite bathroom.
The motel is 18 minutes' from the ancient rock formations of Rock City and 10 minutes' drive from Brainerd Golf Course.
Offering a secluded and semi private beach access under 5 min walk and a wellness centre with yoga and massage services, Nosarananda is located in Nosara facing Pelada Beach.
Decorated in warm colours, a flat-screen TV and a selection of books are featured in this homelike apartment. The private bathroom offers a shower, and there is a washing machine which guests are welcome to use.
The tour desk can help to organise activities and day excursions such as a game drive, hiking and sightseeing.
The nearest airport is Milan Linate Airport, 6 km from the property.
The property offers a large venue with many activities for guests, a fishing pond, a children's playground, walking paths and a garden with an outdoor seating area with a fireplace.
Completely restructured yet maintaining the period atmosphere, San Lio Tourist House invites you to enjoy Venice at its best.
Some units include a seating area to relax in after a busy day.
The bathroom comes with a bath or shower and hairdryer.
The property offers an furnished terrace with barbeque possibilities and is situated on a large natural plot.
Free parking is provided.
Bolshoi Theatre is 20 minutes' walk away.
Free Wi-Fi is provided.
Guests will find restaurants, supermarkets and a bakery within a short walking distance, while the the centre of Vassiliki Village is 300 metres away.
In Fondo alla Via is a 20-minute drive from the white sandy beaches of Maria Pia and Punta Negra.
An array of activities can be enjoyed on site or in the surroundings, including golfing.
Laundry and cleaning services are provided for a surcharge.
Blue Pearl Resort offers accommodation in La Gaulette. Flic-en-Flac is 16 km from the property.
Holiday home Birkedalen is located in Gilleleje.
The apartment makes the ideal base for exploring the Berchtesgadener Land region by bike or on foot.
It has a spacious living room, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 balconies and a ski and bike storage.
Each offers free WiFi and cooking facilities.
A bicycle trail is nearby.
All air conditioned, rooms here include a flat-screen TV and a safe.
Biokovo Mountain, suitable for hiking and cycling, is at a distance of 200 metres.
It serves a daily continental breakfast and offers suites with free Wi-Fi.
Towels and bed linen are featured in this apartment.
All hotel rooms in Changi Cove are fully air-conditioned and come with an en-suite bathroom.
Set in Saint Petersburg, this apartment features free WiFi. The apartment is 6 km from Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood.
The bathrooms come with a shower.
The property is within 1.5 km of Temple of Tooth, and the Kandy bus stand and railway station.
The property’s kitchen includes a refrigerator, a microwave and an oven.
Tonci Dumicic Guesthouse comprises a spacious garden and a terrace as well.
Each unit comes with air conditioning, a flat-screen cable TV and minibar.
A full Yorkshire breakfast is served in the dining room, which overlooks the garden. A strong emphasis is placed on locally sourced ingredients, with many of the fruit and vegetables grown in the property’s own garden.
There is a full a kitchenette with a dishwasher and a microwave.
Guests can enjoy a cocktail at the on-site bar.
Its staff can assist with luggage storage, laundry or tour arrangement services.
There is a bathroom with a bath, a washing machine and a hairdryer.
Tanjung is 8 km from the property.
Pismo Domoy Guest House features free WiFi throughout the property.
Ribarski Square, the central beach, supermarket and local bus stop are all just a 2-minute walk from Guest House Mimosa.
Appartement Centre Casablanca is a self-catering accommodation located in Casablanca.
An on call shuttle service to Mountain Village is offered.
You can enjoy sea view from the room.
A seating area with flat-screen TV with CD/DVD player and a dining table are also available.
State Russian Museum is 11 km from Apartment on Budapeshtskaya ulitsa, while Church of the Savior on Spilled Blood is 11 km from the property.
Asteras Villas is situated in the town of Fira, atop the majestic caldera cliffs, looking down towards the endless Aegean Sea and just a few steps away of the main pebbled street in Fira, the capital of Santorini.
The famous central market, where guests can enjoy a variety of ocean food, is a 15-minute walk away.
Extras include a desk, an outdoor seating area and bed linen.
At night, the restaurant serves asian specialities.
This 4-bedroom 4-bathroom villa has access to a tennis court and watersports facilities.
Ratskellar Thum is a good base for skiing and hiking in the Erzgebirge (Ore Mountains).
Studios are available in several sizes, and all located in the same building.
Regional and international cuisine is available at the Hubertus’s restaurant, featuring elegant wooden décor.
